The mausoleum
Eisai was a Buddhist monk who lived in the early Kamakura period .
Founder of the Soto Sect .
At that time , he was known as a master of calligraphy .
It is also known as a term that means ' a person who is a Buddha . '
His shigo ( posthumous name ) was Daito Kokushi .
He was also known as Dogen .
It is said that there was a custom of placing hot water into a pot and eating it .
It is said that the origin of the name is from the fact that it was made from the trees of trees and trees of trees .
His father was MINAMOTO no Yoritomo , and his official court rank was Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) Gon Dainagon ( a provisional chief councilor of state ) .
His father was MINAMOTO no Yoritomo , who had the title of Gon Dainagon ( provisional chief councilor of state ) , and his mother was a daughter of MINAMOTO no Yoshinaka , who had the title of Ukyo no daibu ( Master of the Western Capital Offices ) .
His father was MINAMOTO no Akifusa , who was Udaijin ( minister of the right ) .
His mother was the second daughter of Yoshitsune KUJO , and later he was promoted to Chunagon ( vice-councilor of state ) ( " Genpei Seisui ki " ( Rise and Fall of the Minamoto and the Taira clans ) ) .
It is said that he had no choice but to make his daughter marry into the Kujo family after the death of his older brother , FUJIWARA no Sadaie , and he was appointed as Kanpaku ( chief advisor to the Emperor ) .
There is a theory that says that he was a child of Shinran , and that he was a child of Shinran .
It is said that the first half of the book was " Commentary on the Meditation Sutra " written by Sogi .
In the same year , he became a priest in Mt . Hiei with his father .
In the same year , he became a priest and was given the title of Daishi ( a title of honor given to a Buddhist priest ) of Mt . Hiei .
He became a priest of Enryaku-ji Temple on Mt . Hiei in Tendai Sect .
In 1225 , he became a priest of Tofuku-ji Temple on Mt . Koya .
In the same year , he went to China , and in the same year , he became a priest of the Soto sect at Mt . Hiei , and he founded the Soto sect .
He returned to Japan in 1212 .
He became the chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple in Kyoto City .
After the incident , he lived in Mt . Hiei .
He was appointed to the Governor of Echizen Province by the order of his father in March , 1939 .
The origin of the name of the residence was the residence of the chief retainer of the Hosokawa clan in Ono Village , Kadono County , Omi Province ( the present Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture ) .
In 1602 , he founded Kosho-ji Temple in Izumi Province .
In the same year , he succeeded to the position of chief priest of Tofuku-ji Temple and changed his name to Tofuku-ji Temple .
In the same year , he went to Kamakura to study under FUJIWARA no Yoritsune and MINAMOTO no Yoriie .
It was in the Kamakura period when the Zen sect was introduced to Japan , but it was in fact brought back to Japan in August of the same year .
In the same year , he died at the age of 44 , and he succeeded to the position of chief priest of Tofuku-ji Temple on Mt . Koya , but he died at the age of 44 in the same year .
It is said that he died of illness .
In the case that the Buddha 's sariras are not included in the law , it is believed that the Buddha 's sariras are the same as those of other Buddha 's teachings , and that the Buddha 's sariras are the same as those of other Buddha 's teachings , and that they are the same as those of other Buddha 's teachings , and that they are not the same as those of other Buddha 's teachings , but are the same as those of other Buddha 's teachings .
It is said that the reason why the Jodo ( Pure Land ) sect did not appear in the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) was because of the influence of Buddhism .
It is the way to become a Buddha and to become a Buddha .
The following is the example :
3 . All of them are good and evil .
It is said that the number of people who were not allowed to enter the Buddhist priesthood was four .
The color of water and sand .
One of the reasons for the above is to pray to Buddha for the happiness of all living things and to pray for the happiness of all beings .
The three treasures of Buddhism .
The reason why he became a priest was that he did not go to the Pure Land but did not go to the Pure Land , and that he did not go to the Pure Land to become a Buddha .
" Kuyo " ( Buddhist prayer )
" Commentary on the Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , published by Iwanami Shoten , 1972
" Shin Nihon Koten Bungaku Zenshu " ( The Complete Works of Modern Japanese Literature , Vol . 2 , Ltd . ) ( Iwanami Shoten , 1976 )
" Shin Nihon Koten Bungaku Taikei " ( The Complete Works of Japanese Classic Literature ) ( Iwanami Shoten , 1979 )
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " ( translated and annotated by Shokei SHIBATA ) ( Iwanami Shoten , 2001 )
" The Complete Works of Yukichi FUKUZAWA " ( Kodansha Ltd . , 1993 , Iwanami Shoten )
" The Analects of Confucius "
" Kuyo " ( Buddhist mass )
" The complete works of art " ( translated by Shokei SHIBATA , published by Kodansha Ltd . , 1979 )
" Shinsen Shojiroku " ( Newly Compiled Register of Shinto and Buddhism )
It is a book written by Dogen .
" How to deal with the future " ( edited by Shokei SHIBATA , 1993 )
" Shin Nihon Koten Bungaku Taikei " ( Complete Works of Japanese Classic Literature ) ( Iwanami Shoten , 2006 )
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " ( Iwanami Shoten , 1976 )
" Commentary on the Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , published by Iwanami Shoten , 1967
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra , " published by Iwanami Shoten , 1971
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " ( Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra ) , written by Sogi , published by Iwanami Shoten , 1980
It is a collection of books written by Shuho Myocho , and a collection of books written by Shuho Myocho .
List of books
" Selected Biography of High Priest Sogi " written by Kenko YOSHIDA
" Genji Monogatari Emaki " ( The Illustrated Scroll of the Tale of Genji ) ( owned by the Yomei Bunko Art Museum )
Color on silk portrait of Muso Kokushi inscribed by Shuho Myocho
" Commentary on the Meditation Sutra " ( Commentary on the Meditation Sutra ) , Volume 6 , 1919
" Bussetsu Muryoju-kyo " ( The Sutra of the Buddha of the Buddha of the Present ) , published by Iwanami Shoten Publishing Co . , Ltd . , 1972
" Nihon Koten Bungaku Taikei " ( Complete Collection of Japanese Classic Literature ) ( property of Tokyo National Museum )
" Collection of Buddhist Scriptures , " Volume 1 , Volume 2 , by Ki Shoin , published by Chuo Koronsha in 1966
" Bussetsu Muryoju-kyo " ( Sutra of the Buddha of the Most Victorious Kings Sutra ) ( Important Cultural Property )
The Asahi Shinbun newspaper was included in the ' Complete Works of Yukichi FUKUZAWA ' published by Iwanami Shoten .
His first appearance is in the novel ' Hana no Jin ' ( Flower Road ) written by Ryotaro SHIBA .
His last poem is in the " Asahi Shinbun " ( The Asahi Shinbun ) , a collection of the Nishi Hongan-ji Temple .
His last poem is included in the " Asahi Shinbun " published by Iwanami Shoten Publishing Co . , Ltd .
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " written by Sogi
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum ( Kyoto Prefecture ) : A museum located in front of the station , located in front of the station
The company was founded as a result of the establishment of a new company , and in September of 1931 , it was decided to build a new facility in front of the main building of the Japan National Railways ( JNR ) , which was located in front of the main building of the Kyoto Prefectural Government Building , located in front of the main building of the Kyoto Prefectural Government Building , and in September of the same year , it was opened as a new facility of the Japan National Railways ( JNR ) .
In the wake of the division and privatization of JNR in 1987 , the station became a JR West station .
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum and Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum used to be in charge of the Fukuchiyama Line .
In the early Showa period , it was decided that the construction of steam locomotives would be completed , but it was not completed .
In addition to the above , there is a description in the ' History of Japan , ' which says that the head office was located in the vicinity of the main building of the main building of the shrine , and that the main building of the shrine was located in the vicinity of the main building of the main building of the shrine in Osaka City , Hyogo Prefecture , and the ' History of Japan ' was completed in the same year , and the ' History of Korea ' was completed in the same year .
In the past , there were two types of steam locomotives , one was a model steam locomotive , and the other was a model steam locomotive , which was a model steam locomotive for steam locomotives .
The Museum of Kyoto is located on the east side of the second floor of the building , and the Museum of Modern Art is located on the west side of the building .
April 1 , 1934 : The first floor of the building was made of wood , and the second floor was made of wood , and the third floor was made of wood .
In 2004 , it was designated as a special historic site .
The building was built in the same year as the main building of the Museum of Modern Art , and the second floor of the station was built in the same year , and the third floor of the main building was built in the same style as the main building of the main building of the Museum of Kyoto .
The building was built in a corner of the former site of the former residence of MINAMOTO no Yoritomo in Kyoto City , and it was completed in 1981 .
The construction of the new station house was completed in 1981 , and the construction of the new station house was completed in the following year ; the construction of the new station house was completed in Sagano , and the construction of the new station house was completed in Sagano in Kyoto ; the construction of the new station house was completed in Sagano ; and the construction of the new station house was completed in Sagano in Kyoto ; and the construction of the new station house was completed in Kyoto ; and the construction of the new station house was completed in the same year ; and the construction of the new station house was completed in the vicinity of the former Kyoto Station in the vicinity of the station house was completed in 1981 .
It was designated as a national important cultural property in 1996 .
In the early Showa period , there were two types of steam locomotives : one was made of wood , one was made of wood , and one was made of wood and one was made of wood .
The total length of the steam locomotive was fixed in the following year , and the number of the steam locomotives was fixed in the same way as that of the steam locomotives , and the total length of the steam locomotive was fixed in the same way as that of the steam locomotives , and the total length of the steam locomotive was fixed in the same way as that of the steam locomotives .
The trains that arrive at and depart from and depart from Platform 3 are operated in the section between Takarazuka Station and Amanohashidate Station , and the trains that depart from and arrive at and depart from Platform 3 are operated in the section between Takarazuka Station and Amanohashidate Station and in the section between Takarazuka Station and Amanohashidate Station .
For example , the number of regular trains operated in the same way as those of the regular railway line was reduced to only one train .
There are two types of steam locomotives , one is " steam locomotives " and the other is " steam locomotives . "
The station house was built on the former site of the former residence of MINAMOTO no Yoshitsune , and the new building was constructed on the former site of the former residence of MINAMOTO no Yoshitsune , and the new building was constructed on the former site of the former residence of MINAMOTO no Yoshitsune .
The area around the station is also part of the area .
In the same year , the steam locomotives were transferred to the Japan Freight Railway Company ( JR West ) .
plum blossoms
This is the origin of the word ' fusuma ' ( board ) .
In 2004 , two types of steam locomotives were introduced , namely , steam locomotives , steam locomotives and steam locomotives were introduced .
The reason why the name of the office was abolished was as of 2008 .
The actual number of seats is two , but the actual number of seats is two .
JNR steam locomotive steam locomotive
It was manufactured in 1932 .
It was the second class railway in Niigata Prefecture .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113
In 1914 , he became the director of Kawasaki Factory .
The operation started at the same time as the opening of the freight line .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1991 , the museum was opened .
JNR / JR Kiha 40 Series Diesel Cars
1977 : The Japanese Red Cross Society
He became the governor of Kagoshima Prefecture .
It was issued in 1997 .
In 2002 , it was opened to the public for the first time and was opened to the public in 2002 .
JNR steam locomotive
1932 : Kaya Railway Co . , Ltd .
The company was in charge of the management of the railway company , Ltd . , whose head office was located in Matsumoto City .
In 1953 , the company started the operation .
JNR / JR Diesel Cars Type 120 ( steam locomotive )
1929 : The company was founded .
It was introduced in 1943 .
It was planned to be sold at the Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum in Izumo City , Shimane Prefecture .
JNR steam locomotive steam locomotive ( steam locomotive )
It was manufactured in 1928 .
The construction work was completed in 1931 .
In 1949 , he was involved in the construction of the Museum of Modern Art , Ltd . , and the construction of the museum was completed .
JNR steam locomotive
1932 : The steam locomotive was manufactured .
The operation of this bus route started .
It was issued in 1997 .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 ( 200 )
1932 : The company purchased it from the company .
He became the governor of Hyogo Prefecture at the same time .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 3000 ( second class car )
1925 : The company was manufactured by Tango Railway .
He became the governor of Niigata Prefecture .
Kaya Steam Locomotive
It was manufactured in 1934 .
The operation of this bus route was operated with a license plate .
In 1953 , the company started the operation .
JNR steam locomotive
1944 : The company was founded .
The operation of this bus route was transferred to the Nara Line .
It was issued in 1997 .
JNR steam locomotive steam locomotive ( steam locomotive )
1944 : The company purchased it from Mitsubishi Corporation .
He became the governor of Kumamoto Prefecture .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1949 , the company was reorganized .
JNR / JR Kiha 58 Series Diesel Car ( steam locomotive )
1944 : The company was founded .
It was transferred to the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) in 1977 .
It was transferred to the Kinki Nippon Railway Company ( JR West ) in 1977 .
1997 : The station house was relocated to its current site .
The second generation : Type 1 steam locomotive ( railway )
1944 : The company was founded .
It was the former site of the detached office of the Hokkaido Development Commission .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1949 , the company was reorganized .
Kaya Railway Co . , Ltd.
1944 : He became the first member of the House of Peers .
It was a branch office .
It was issued in 1997 .
Kaya Railway steam locomotive
In 1977 , he was employed at the Kawasaki factory .
He became the governor of Toyooka Prefecture .
In 1953 , the company started the operation .
Track gauge : 130 km / h
In 1902 , he was transferred to the Ministry of Railways , Ltd . , and then to the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
The Tanabe branch office was established in the town .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1949 , the company was reorganized .
JNR steam locomotive
1944 : The company was founded .
The Hakodate branch office was established in this place .
It was issued in 1997 .
Red ink painting on a white background
Monochrome ink painting on paper
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum , Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum
A pair of iron pieces of iron blade with an inscription on the right side of the stone chamber
A pair of stone lantern ( an important cultural property )
Monochrome ink painting on a pair of white stones
Red Brick steam locomotive ( No. 12 )
Picture of a pine tree
Black ink painting on the first floor
A pair of wooden sword with an inscription on the upper part
West Japan Railway Company ( JR West )
Two persons were assigned to each type of car .
JNR / JR Passenger Car Series 10
A box lunch is available .
It is made of bamboo , and it is made of bamboo , and it is made of wood , but it is made of wood .
There is no toilet .
" History of 100 Provinces " ( tentative name : The Asahi Shinbun )
" Onmyoji " ( 2004 , Asahi Television Network )
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum
The film was produced by Daiei , Ltd . , and was released on March 1 , 1969 .
In 1997 , the museum was opened with a steel roof and a glass bridge .
There are three buildings , ' Arashiyama , ' ' Arashiyama , ' ' Arashiyama , ' and ' Arashiyama . '
" The New Year 's Festival " ( directed by Hiroyuki KATO ) : December 2000
Shiki Sanban is one of the traditional performing arts .
It is a Buddhist term used to refer to a part of a Buddhist sutra .
In China , it is also called " board Sugoroku " ( board Sugoroku ) .
It is written in the style of a priest 's name in the form of a book .
Shodo ( calligraphy ) and calligraphy in ancient China
The Four Books of Confucianism ( Buddhism ) , the Four Books of Confucianism ( Buddhism ) , the Four Books of Confucianism ( Buddhism ) , the Four Books of Confucianism ( Buddhism ) , the Four Books of Confucianism ( Buddhism ) , and the Four Books of Confucianism ( Buddhism ) .
It was introduced into Japan through the influence of Buddhism .
In Japan , it is said that the Great Buddha Hall was built in order to pray for the recovery of the Emperor from smallpox , and that the Great Buddha Hall was built in the same year .
During the reign of Emperor Enyu , he was given the title of Daishi ( the third highest rank in the hierarchy of Buddhist priests ) and the title of Daishi ( the third highest rank in the hierarchy of Buddhist priests ) .
In the case of the Tendai sect , there are various schools of Buddhism , such as the Shingon sect and the Tendai sect .
This is a part of the Buddhist sutra .
As a result , he was not able to become a priest .
Later , it was introduced as a musical instrument .
There are two types of schools , one is the art of warfare and the other is the art of warfare .
It is said that , in addition to the above , there is no need for the training of the disciples of Buddha or the disciples of Buddha , and there is no need for the training of the training of the disciples of the master of the tea ceremony .
On the other hand , he was also involved in a conflict between the two sides .
In addition , the number of schools has decreased and the number of schools has decreased .
In the Tendai sect , it was established by Saicho .
After the death of Saicho , he was also active as a monk and a monk .
He was the founder of the Yuzu Nenbutsu sect .
He became the chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple in Uji City , Kyoto Prefecture .
The temple was named after Mt . Koya , which was located in the northeast of the main hall , and was named after Mt . Koya .
He became the chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple on Mt . Koya , and later he became the chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple .
In addition , he established the foundation of the Shijo school and the Shijo school .
Later , it was converted into a temple .
With the development of new music , the music was developed .
In the past , the Tendai sect and the Tendai sect were established .
nenbutsu ( Buddhist invocation ) , nenbutsu ( Buddhist invocation ) and so on are included in the category of nenbutsu ( Buddhist invocation ) .
In the past , the Shingon sect was founded by Kukai .
In the early stage , he received kanjo ( a ceremony to be the successor ) from Kukai .
It is said that he was a monk of the Tendai Sect .
He was also involved in the selection of Noh songs .
In the early-modern times , there were many cases where the three families of the Ono clan , the Ono clan , the Ono clan , the Ono clan , and the Ono clan were allowed to enter the Buddhist priesthood .
In the Edo period , the Shingon sect was abolished .
In the early-modern times , the Yamashina school was divided into two schools ; the Yamashina school and the Yamashina school , and in the early modern period , it was divided into two schools .
It is a grand head temple of the Tendai Sect in Mt . Koya , Mt . Koya , Mt . Koya , and Mt . Koya .
It is a school of the Shingon sect , and it is said that it is a school of the Ono school of the Shingon sect ( Ono school of the Shingon sect ) and the Ono school of the Shingon sect .
It was a school of the Hosso sect .
In the same year , it was founded by Hideyoshi TOYOTOMI , and in the same year , it was founded as a branch temple of the Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) in Kanazawa City , Ishikawa Prefecture .
It is also known as ' The Great Wisdom Sutra ' or ' The Great Wisdom Sutra . '
It was founded by Shinjo ITO ( the founder of the Shingon sect ) .
He was a priest of the Myoshin-ji Temple in Saga ( Saga City ) .
In the same year , he built Kiyomizu-dera Temple at the foot of Mt . Koya ( Mt . Koya ) .
Later , the name of the mountain was changed to Mt . Koya , and the name of the mountain was changed to Mt . Koya .
It is also referred to as a stone lantern or a stone lantern .
In addition to the above , there are various kinds of music , such as music , music , music , and music .
It is a kind of music that can be enjoyed in a short distance .
Emperor Tenchi
A woman .
Prince Otsu ( year of birth unknown - June , 686 )
He was the eighth Emperor .
His Japanese-style posthumous name was YAMATO Takeru no Mikoto .
His imina ( personal name ) was Sukune .
His childhood name was Prince Shotoku .
He was commonly called Prince Shotoku .
The name of ' Prince Shotoku ' was used in the following way : ' Prince Shotoku '
Details are provided
He was the second Prince of Emperor Jomei .
Her mother was Empress Kogyoku .
His mother was a daughter of Prince Karu ( Emperor Tenmu ) and younger maternal half-sister of Prince Kusakabe .
In the same year , Emperor Tenchi was assassinated by his uncle SOGA no Umako , and SOGA no Emishi , who was the Crown Prince of Emperor Tenmu , was appointed as the successor to the Imperial Throne .
After the Taika Reforms , the Soga clan played a central role in the compilation of " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
The next year , the Emperor was killed by SOGA no Umako and others .
In the same year , he went to Tang ( China ) together with his older brother , Prince Shotoku , but he was defeated in the Battle of Hakusukinoe and returned to Japan .
In the same year , he was sent to Tang ( China ) , but he died at the age of 74 .
After the death of Emperor Tenchi , the following year , he returned to Japan , but it is said that he did not follow the orders of Emperor Tenchi and died at the age of 62 .
In the same year , the three countries of Wa ( Japan ) , Wa ( Japan ) , and Kudara ( Paekche ) , which were in charge of the defense of the water transportation , were established .
The twelve cap rank system was introduced in the same way as the twelve cap ranks .
He was given the family name of ' Kuni no Miyatsuko ' in the eighth year of Emperor Monmu 's reign .
Emperor Tenchi 's Prince , Prince Otomo ( later Emperor Tenchi ) , is said to have ascended the throne .
However , after the death of Emperor Kobun , the Prince Otomo ( Emperor Kobun ) , who was the son of Emperor Tenmu , became the crown prince .
Emperor Tenmu and Empress Jito were born in this period .
After the death of Emperor Tenji , his son , Emperor Konin , was born as the second son of FUJIWARA no Fuhito .
The next year , he married a daughter of Prince Otomo ( Emperor Kobun ) and had a prince .
Brief Personal History
538 : He was born .
Prince Naka no Oe ( later Emperor Shomu ) : He became the Crown Prince on March 24 , 645 .
August 5 , 1870 : He was enthroned ( Emperor Junnin ) .
Emperor Tenchi ( his reign lasted from February 13 , 686 to March 28 , 1987 )
He died at the age of 56 on January 24 , 672 .
However , according to " Taiheiki " ( The Record of the Great Peace ) , he escaped from the Imperial Palace with his younger brother , Emperor Kobun , and died in battle .
Emperor Tenchi 's reign lasted from the beginning to the beginning of the 20th century .
There are several theories about this .
Emperor Tenmu was in favor of him .
There is a theory that says that he was a son of Emperor Tenchi , and that he was a son of Emperor Tenchi , and that he was also a son of Emperor Tenchi , and that he was also a son of Emperor Shotoku .
" Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) describes that he was the first son of Emperor Tenmu , but it is not clear whether he was actually the second son of Emperor Tenmu or not .
However , it is said that the number of the people who died at the age of 40 was about 70 , but the details are not known .
According to the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , after the death of his father , Emperor Tenchi , he had no choice but to do with his older brother , Prince Kusakabe , and he was given the title of ' King of Wa ' by the Emperor , however , it is said that he had no choice but to do with it .
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , it was established in the same year , when the Prince was born , and the Prince was born in the same year .
" Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) describes that the Emperor Tenmu did not have any children , and therefore , it is considered that the Imperial Throne was succeeded by the Emperor Tenchi .
That is , the total solar calendar was used .
There is also a theory that says that the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) was written in the same way as the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , but it was not written in the same way as the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
( " Nihonshoki " [ Chronicles of Japan ] )
It is said that the Emperor Tenchi ordered his father , SOGA no Iruka to kill him .
In addition , there is a theory that says that he was a member of the Imperial family and was involved in the assassination of Prince Shotoku .
Prince Naka no Oe was also involved in the assassination of Iruka .
It is said that this was the first time when the Taiho Ritsuryo ( Taiho Code ) was compiled , but it is also said that this was because there was no need for the compilation of " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
There is also a theory that says that the Emperor Tenchi did not get along well with the Soga clan , and that he did not get involved in the dispute between them , but was involved in the dispute between them .
There is a theory that says that Emperor Tenmu was a child of Emperor Tenmu .
According to the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , she was a younger sister of Emperor Tenchi , and she was also a younger sister of Emperor Tenchi .
However , when the Emperor was in critical condition , he sent his younger paternal half-brother , Daisuke ITO , to the Imperial Palace as an envoy , but he did not get along well with his older paternal half-sister , and when he was about to leave the Imperial Palace , his younger maternal half-sister , Princess Tashiraka no Himemiko , died , and therefore , it is said that he was not able to keep the real power of the Imperial Family .
There is a theory that he was the first son of Emperor Tenmu , but he was not allowed to enter the Buddhist priesthood because of his illness .
There is also a theory that says that the Emperor Tenmu gave the title of ' Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi ' to his father , Emperor Tenmu , and another theory says that the Emperor Tenmu gave the title ' Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi . '
There is also a theory that says that he was not a child of Emperor Tenmu but a child of Emperor Tenmu , and he changed his name to ' Hashihito no Himemiko . '
In addition , there are many cases where the main purpose of the project was to collect historical materials for the study of old documents , and there is no other way of thinking about the situation of those days .
Poems
Manyoshu ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves )
The first appearance of " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) was written by Imperial Prince Toneri .
The wind blows through the clouds , and the wind blows through the clouds .
His name appears in " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) .
In the middle of the night , when the sun rises to the east , the sun rises to the west , and the sun rises to the east , and the sun rises to the west , and the sun rises to the west .
The Sanjo family was a court noble of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan .
He was a member of the Seiga family ( the second highest family status for court nobles ) , which was descended from the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan .
The Sanjo Family : a side line of Shijo
He was from the branch family of the Sasaki clan in Settsu Province , and he was also from the same family .
Its kamon ( family crest ) is three horizontal lines .
He was the second son of FUJIWARA no Ienari of the Kanin line of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan .
In the same year , he was promoted to the rank of Jugoinoge ( Junior Fifth Rank , Lower Grade ) , and after the death of his father , Emperor Gotoba , he became a close aide of the Retired Emperor Goshirakawa , and he was appointed to the position of Mutsu no kuni no kami ( Governor of Mutsu Province ) by the recommendation of his grandfather , MINAMOTO no Yoriie , who was the maternal grandfather of the Retired Emperor Gotoba , and he was promoted to Chunagon ( vice-councilor of state ) .
It was originally the residence of the Saionji clan located in Iwakura , Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City .
The temple 's name came from the fact that it was originally the residence of the Kujo family , the chief priest of Shoren-in Temple , and later it became a temple of the Tendai sect .
After the fall of the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , the family line of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan began to serve the Imperial Court .
Daikakuji-to ( imperial lineage starting with Emperor Kameyama ) , Emperor Daigo 's younger brother , entered into priesthood and became a priest .
Daikakuji-to ( imperial lineage starting with Emperor Kameyama ) and Jimyoin-to ( imperial lineage starting with Emperor Kameyama ) , who were brothers from the same mother , were forced to return to the service of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
After the death of his father , he was appointed to Rokuhara Tandai Kitakata ( an administrative and judicial agency in Rokuhara , Kyoto ) .
In the same year , he was exiled to Sado Province by the order of his father , Emperor Godaigo , and the following year , he was ordered by his uncle , FUJIWARA no Tokihira , who was the head of the Southern House of the Fujiwara clan , to overthrow the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
During the era of Emperor Godaigo , he was adopted by the Saionji family and became the second family head of the Saionji family .
The family business was waka poetry during the Muromachi period .
He was born as the second son of Kanpaku ( chief adviser to the Emperor ) Tadataka HOSOKAWA , but he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) at first , then he was placed under the protection of the Hosokawa clan , and later he was placed under the protection of the Hosokawa clan , the lord of the Zeze Domain in Tanba Province , and later he was placed under the protection of the Hosokawa clan ( according to one theory , he was placed under the protection of the lord of the Kameyama Domain in Tanba Province ) .
He was a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) , and after the death of his father , he served as a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) and a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) as well as a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) , and was promoted to Dainagon ( chief councilor of state ) in the Meiji period .
The reason why he was given the title of Baron was that he was a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) , and that he had a close relationship with the Imperial Court , and that he had a close relationship with the Imperial Court , and that he had a close relationship with the Imperial Court ; however , he died at the age of 56 , and therefore , he was given the title of ' Doctor of Music ' by Emperor Meiji , which was given to him by the Imperial Court .
Mt . Hiei is located in the border between Kyoto City and Fukui City , Shiga Prefecture .
It is located at the foot of Mt . Funaoka in Kita Ward , Kyoto City , and at the foot of Mt . Funaoka in Ukyo Ward , Kyoto City .
It is located in Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture .
Kumano Sanzan ( three major shrines , Kumano-Hongu-Taisha , Kumano-Hayatama-Taisha and Kumano-Nachi-Taisha ) , which were believed to have been founded by EN no Gyoja , were built around this time .
It is located in Higashiyama Ward , Kyoto City .
It is also called Mt . Koya , Mt . Koya , and Mt . Koya .
Summary
It is located in the east of Mt . Hiei , and it is said that this is because of the fact that Mt . Hiei is located in the east of Kyoto .
According to the " Kojiki " ( Records of Ancient Matters ) , the shrine is located at the foot of Mt . Miwa , and the shrine is also called Mt . Miwa , where the name of the shrine is located .
Kumano Sanzan Kengyo ( the title of the official ranks within the Todo-za , the traditional guild for the blind ) , which was the basis of Shugendo ( Japanese mountain asceticism-shamanism incorporating Shinto and Buddhist concepts ) , was transferred to Kumano Sanzan ( three major shrines in Kumano ) by the order of the Emperor , and the temple was founded as a branch shrine of Kiyomizu-dera Temple on Mt . Hiei .
In addition to the above , there is a custom of visiting temples and shrines in Mt . Hiei to pray for the prosperity of the family and the prosperity of the family .
It is located at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , and at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , it is located at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , and at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , it is also located at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , and at the north foot of Mt . Hiei .
In addition to the above , the three sacred imperial treasures of the Imperial Family , such as Mt . Hiei and Mt . Hiei , were burned down by fire during the war .
It is located on the east side of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) and on the west side of the station .
There are also many people who visit the mountain on New Year 's Holidays , such as those who visit the mountain , and those who visit the mountain on New Year 's Holidays .
The site of the former residence of the Minister of Agriculture , Forestry and Fisheries was completed in 1992 , and the site of the former residence of the Minister of Health , Sports , Sports , Science and Welfare is now open to the public .
On the other hand , the Kyoto Nishikyogoku Comprehensive Sports Park was built on the east side of the station on the west side of the station on January 14 , 1950 .
Mt . Koya
In Mt . Koya , the name of the temple was changed to Mt . Hiei , and the name of the temple was changed to Mt . Hiei , Mt . Hiei , Mt . Hiei , and Mt . Hiei .
The name of the temple is ' Mt . Hiei ' and the name of the temple is ' Mt . Hiei . '
It is located in Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture , and it is located on the border between Kyoto and Shiga Prefectures .
Mt . Hiei is located in the east of the capital , but it is said that it is not Mt . Hiei but Mt . Hiei , which is located in the west of the capital .
Cable Sakamoto Station on the Eizan Main Line of the Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . , is located next to the station .
For example , there is a description of ' Mt . Oe ' in " Nihon Sandai Jitsuroku " ( sixth of the six classical Japanese history texts ) , ' Mt . Oe ' in " Yamashiro no Kuni Fudoki " ( Records of the culture and geography of Yamashiro Province ) , and ' Mt . Oe ' in " Kita no shima " ( Mt . Oe in Tango Province ) , but it is not known whether it is Mt . Oe or not .
Its sango ( literally , " mountain name , " the title prefixed to the name of a Buddhist temple ) , which is the title prefixed to the name of a Buddhist temple , is Mt . Hiei , and the title of a Buddhist temple , which is the title prefixed to the name of a Buddhist temple , is Mt . Koya , and the title of a Buddhist temple , which is the title of a Buddhist temple , is Mt . Koya .
Features
You can see Mt . Hiei .
Both sides of the river flow into the lake , and the flow of the river flows into the lake .
It is also known as Mt . Hiei and Mt . Hiei .
Access
Hieizan Cable Cable Railway ( Sakamoto Cable Cable Cable Railway )
Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . ( Kurama Cable Railway )
Eizan Electric Railway Co . , Ltd .
Mt . Hiei Bus
Kyoto Prefectural Road 22 , Kyoto Prefectural Road 22 , Kyoto Prefectural Road 38
By bus : Get off at the bus stop , Mt . Hiei and walk .
Keihan Bus Co . , Ltd . , bound for Yamashina Station
Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . , Kyoto Bus Co . , Ltd . ( Arashiyama Route )
TV Asahi TV stations
Kyoto City Hall is located in Uji City , Kyoto Prefecture .
For example , the Nara Kotsu Bus Lines Co . , Ltd . , which used to be a part of the original route , was ordered to stop the operation .
Goro Sky Tower
This was broadcast on October 1 , 2001 .
Animation & B & B Tower
Notes
NHK Kyoto Broadcasting System Company Limited , Asahi Broadcasting Corporation , Asahi Broadcasting System Company Limited , and TV Asahi Broadcasting Corporation ( TV Asahi Corporation ) made a plan to set up a new station on the site of the main building of the main building , and they made a plan to set up a new station on the site of the main building on the second floor of the main building .
In addition , it is said that the station is located in Osaka Prefecture , and that it is the only station in Kansai International Airport .
Route 11
At the beginning of the Edo period , the Nakasen-do Road ran from Osaka to Kyoto via Nakasen-do Road and Nakasen-do Road .
This section describes the details of the events .
Hiroshige UTAGAWA 's " Hiroshige UTAGAWA " ( Hiroshige UTAGAWA 's Hiroshige UTAGAWA ) is exhibited at the museum .
It is a vending machine made of glass .
For details , please refer to the section of " The Second Seven . "
During the Edo period , the Tokaido Main Line was referred to as the ' Nakasen-do Road . '
In addition to the above , there are many famous places where people can enjoy watching cherry blossoms and cherry blossoms , and they are designated as national important cultural properties .
For example , in Kyoto , the name of the street was changed to the route to the route to the east from Kyoto .
The official names of provinces are shown below .
It is one of the three major cities in Tokyo .
However , the name of the former school district system is still in use .
Nihonbashi , Chuo Ward , Tokyo
1 . The site of the residence of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA in Shinagawa Ward , Tokyo
The site of the Hakodate City Hall ( Shinagawa Ward , Yokohama City )
Sendai City , Miyagi Prefecture ( Tanabata Matsuri Festival )
The location : Sakura City , Kanagawa Prefecture ( Tanabata Matsuri )
7 . Cherry blossom Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Sakura City , Chiba Prefecture ( Tanabata Matsuri Festival )
Mt . Koya ( Minami Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
27 . Dazaifu Tenmangu Shrine ( Dazaifu City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Odawara City ( Odawara Tanabata Matsuri )
Route 27 : Bound for Koga City , Tochigi Prefecture ( via Shima City )
Shitenno-ji Temple ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Numazu City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( 15 years old )
Route 35 : Bound for Shizuoka City ( Nakasen-do Road )
Early April : Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
Nihonbashi ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City ) : Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Shizuoka Prefecture
1 . Hamamatsu City , Totomi Province ( Present Okazaki City )
Sado City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( 25 days old )
Early April : Spring Matsuri Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
Hamamatsu City ( Hamamatsu City ) : Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City
Early April : Autumn Matsuri Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
11 . Nagara , Nagara , Koto Ward , Yokohama City , Hyogo Prefecture
Route 35 : Naka Ward , Yokohama City , Shizuoka Prefecture
35 / 32 , Iga City , Mie Prefecture ( Present Iga City )
Stone monument ( monument for the severed head of the Tokugawa family ) ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Hyogo Prefecture )
Route 35 : Bound for Mt . Koya ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
Early April : Annual spring ( Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
Late April : Autumn Matsuri Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
Late April : Autumn Matsuri Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
The location : Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( at the end of Edo period )
Ogaki City , Ogaki City , Gifu Prefecture , castle town
Sado City , Sado City , Shimane Prefecture ( 42 km )
Route 35 : Bound for Kanazawa City ( Toyama Prefecture )
Higashi Maizuru ( Higashi Ward , Yokohama City ) - Higashi Maizuru City
Higashi Koya-kaido Road ( Minami Ward , Nagoya City )
Mt . Atago ( Maizuru City , Kyoto Prefecture )
Route 27 : Bound for Mt . Inari ( Maizuru City , Kyoto Prefecture )
The third act : Mt . Atago ( Kita Ward , Osaka City )
Mt . Atago ( Minami Ward , Nagoya City , Aichi Prefecture )
Picture : Mt . Koya ( Gifu City ) * *
14 . Hamamatsu City , Aichi Prefecture ( Present Okazaki City )
1 . Summer ( Chuo Ward , Osaka City )
Minami Ward , Yokohama City ( Minami Ward , Yokohama City )
Route 55 : Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture ( Mie Prefecture )
Itsukushima-jinja Shrine ( Katano City , Osaka Prefecture )
Itsukushima-jinja Shrine ( Toyooka City , Hyogo Prefecture )
Route 35 : Uji City , Osaka Prefecture ( Rokujizo City )
Origin : Aza Yamada , Ota Town , Naka County , Gifu Prefecture ( present Naka Ward , Sakai City )
Location ( Nishi Ward , Sakai City , Osaka Prefecture ) : 11 km
Nishi Koya-kaido Road ( Nishi Ward , Kobe City , Hyogo Prefecture )
Nishi no maru ( Nishi Ward , Kobe City , Hyogo Prefecture )
Nishi Koya-kaido Road ( Nishi Ward , Kobe City )
Route 22 : Maibara City , Shiga Prefecture
Otsu City ( Otsu City ) : 11 km
Nijo Ohashi Bridge ( Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture )
It is said that , when he was a child , he went to the capital ( Kyoto ) and became a disciple of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) and was given the posthumous Buddhist name of ' Seishi Bosatsu ' ( Jizo Bodhisattva ) , which is said to be the origin of the name of the place where he lived , and the name of the temple is said to have been located .
In the same year , he was in charge of the construction of Fushimi-jo Castle ( Kyoto Prefecture ) .
It is also called the Old Tokaido Road or the Old Nakasen-do Road .
It is said that at the end of the same year , the Tokaido Main Line ran through the east bank of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) and ran through the west bank of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) , and at the same time , it was at the same time that it was at the same time that it was at the same time that it was at the same time that it was at the same time that it was at the same time that it was at the east bank of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) ( at present , Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City ) .
The province was divided into two types .
It was the first province in Japan .
The names of the places where they used to live are as follows :
Fushimi Inari Taisha Shrine ( Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City )
Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City ( Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City )
35 Oyamazaki , Minami Ward , Osaka City , Osaka Prefecture
Route 35 : Bound for Osaka ( Minami Ward , Osaka City )
Higashi Koya-kaido Road ( Osaka City , Osaka Prefecture )
It is located at the border between Settsu Province and Izumi Province ( at the border between Izumi Province and Izumi Province ) , and at the border between Izumi Province and Izumi Province ( at the border between Izumi Province and Izumi Province ) .
The author of " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) was a female writer who lived in the Heian period .
According to the " Shin Heike Monogatari " ( The Tale of the Heike ) , it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary characters ) as ' karakami ' ( a kind of Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) as ' Gon no suke ' ( provisional assistant governor ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
Also known as " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) .
It was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in the medieval period .
It is a collection of essays written by KAMO no Chomei and written by KAMO no Chomei .
In addition , there is a description that says that in the early part of the book , there was a strong influence on the influence of Chinese poetry , and that there was a phrase in " The Analects of Confucius " written in the early part of the book , " The Analects of Confucius . "
It is said that , when he was serving at the Imperial Palace , he was asked by FUJIWARA no Michinaga for permission to enter the Imperial Palace ; however , according to " Kojidan " ( Talks of the Past ) , there was a rumor that he was not able to enter the Imperial Palace because of the fact that he had a close relationship with FUJIWARA no Yukinari , who had the title of Chunagon ( vice-councilor of state ) , and he had the rank of Shogoinoge ( Senior Fifth Rank , Lower Grade ) ( according to " Kojidan " ( Talks of the Past ) ) , and that he had the rank of Shosanmi ( Senior Third Rank ) .
In addition , there is a description that says , ' if you go out of the house , you will go out of the house if you go out of the house , ' in the end of the book , the contents of the book will be written in the style of the book , and the contents of the book will be written in the style of the book , and the contents of the book will be written in the style of the book , and the contents will be written in the style of the book , and the contents will be written in the style of the book , and the contents will be written in the style of the book .
It is said that the word ' Kosode ' was used in " Makura no soshi . "
It is a collection of essays and essays , including " Commentary on the Tale of Genji , " " Commentary on the Tale of Genji , " and " Commentary on the Tale of Genji , " and so on .
The following is a list of the main characters .
It is written in Chinese characters as ' if you go out of your mind , you will not be able to see your body . '
The main part is written in the style of books , such as books and essays .
The first part of the sutra .
Details of the inscription
Various theories
However , this is not true .
In addition , the word ' Kosode ' appeared in " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) and " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) .
The following year , he was promoted to the rank of Shosanmi ( Senior Third Rank ) , and it is said that he was involved in the planning of the Hogen Disturbance .
It is said that he passed away at the age of 80 or 40 in the same year .
For example , " Genji Monogatari " ( The Tale of Genji ) , which was written by Murasaki Shikibu at the end of the Heian period , includes the following :
It has a relatively long history .
It consists of two volumes .
It is said that the manuscript was written by FUJIWARA no Teika in 1200 .
It is said that the number ' ten ' was the same as the number ' ten ' in the book .
The text was written by Kikan IKEDA .
The first half of the book was written in black ink and the second half of the book was written in black ink .
The story is as follows :
Tenri University Library and Archives of Imperial Household Archives
It consists of two volumes .
Old genealogy of the Sanjonishi family in the possession of the Goto family in the possession of the Museum of Japanese History , and the copy of the manuscript copy of the manuscript owned by the Goto family in the possession of the Goto family
It is said that he was a son of KI no Tsurayuki , and his wife was a daughter of KI no Tsurayuki .
It was made in the late Kamakura period .
It is said that the first and second volumes of the Lotus Sutra were written in the same style as those of other Buddhist scriptures .
It consists of twenty volumes in total .
Story line
The meaning of the word is as follows :
It was made in the Muromachi period .
It is said that when he was a priest at Nanzen-ji Temple , he was asked to draw a picture of the scene in which he drew a picture of the castle tower of the Hosokawa clan .
It is one volume .
The contents of the story are as follows :
The Diary of Tosa Nikki ( Tosa Diary )
The book was written by Emperor Gomurakami .
It is held by the Imperial Household Agency .
It consists of six volumes .
Two different colors are used .
It is generally referred to as a fire .
It consists of one volume .
It consists of two volumes .
It consists of three volumes .
It consists of three volumes .
Volume 6
The meaning of the word is as follows :
It is owned by the Maeda family in Kanazawa , Ishikawa Prefecture .
On the other hand , there is a description in the " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) that says that he was seated on a folding screen decorated with gold and silver .
Important cultural property .
It was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in the early Kamakura period , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
It is included in " Gunsho ruiju " ( Collection of historical documents compiled by Hokiichi HANAWA ) and " Gunsho ruiju " ( Collection of historical documents compiled by Hokiichi HANAWA ) .
It was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in the early Muromachi period .
However , the following year , he was promoted to the chief editor of the first edition of the " Nihon Shoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , which was published in the Meiji period , and in 1933 , he was promoted to the chief editor of the second edition of the " Nihon Shoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , which was published in the same year , but he died in the same year .
According to the " Zoku Hyakki Shui " ( Continued Collection of Tales Heard , Past and Present ) , it was a long time ago in the middle of the Heian period , and it was a long time ago in the form of a picture scroll with pictures drawn on it .
The book consists of two volumes in total , and the book consists of two volumes in total .
Among them , " The Pillow Book , " " The Pillow Book , " " The Pillow Book , " " The Pillow Book , " and " The Pillow Book , " which was written in the late Heian period , are famous , and it is said that there is a big difference between the two .
However , the chapter ' Kumogakure ' in the chapter ' Kumogakure ' is different from that of the chapter .
It is said that he had no choice but to take part in the campaign because of the influence of the time when he was young , and also because of the fact that he had no choice but to do with the poetry contest held in the presence of his father , Emperor Ichijo , and also because of the fact that he had no choice but to do with the poetry contest held in the presence of his father , Emperor Ichijo , and also because of the fact that he had no choice but to do with the poetry contest held in the presence of the Emperor .
He also wrote " The Tale of Genji " and " The Tale of Genji , " and he made a great contribution to the development of the new style of expression of his own .
Public evaluation
It is a simple and elegant style of poetry , and it is used to express the feelings of people who are sick in bed and suffering from natural disasters .
It is said that , when the wind blows , the sound of the wind blows , the sound of the wind , the sound of the wind , the sound of the wind , the sound of the wind , the sound of the wind , and the moon is almost the same as that of the sky .
In addition , the word ' manga ' is used to describe the social conditions of the time , such as that of the summer , that of the summer , that of the summer , that of the summer , and that of the summer , and that of the summer , the word ' manga ' is used to refer to the ' children 's song , ' and that of the ' manga ' is used to refer to the ' children 's song , ' and that of the ' children 's song . '
Teishi gave birth to Emperor Ichijo .
It is said that he did not get along with his father , FUJIWARA no Michinaga , when he was twenty years old .
It is not clear when he became a priest , but it is also said that he was not included in " Okagami " ( the Great Mirror ) .
In addition , it is said that the Emperor , who was in power during the reign of his father , Emperor Murakami , had an audience with the Emperor in front of the Emperor , and had an audience with the Emperor in front of him .
Public evaluation
It is said that he had a sexual relationship with ONO no Komachi when he visited her .
However , in the case of using the same name , they are not allowed to use the same kanji ( Chinese characters ) .
Chugu Gon no taijo ( Provisional Senior Secretary in the Office of the Consort 's Household ) , ' but it is said that she was not included in ' Naishi no suke ' ( a court lady of the first rank ) or ' Koto no naishi ' ( a court lady of the first rank ) .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the 13th Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , died in March 1867 .
In the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , there was a case where one of them was allowed to enter the Imperial Palace .
He was awarded the rank of Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) and the title of Sadaijin ( Minister of the Left ) .
He was a member of the Imperial family .
After the death of Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , he became a member of the shogun 's council of elders .
In the following year , 1868 , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered the restoration of the imperial rule , and the following year , the father and son of Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Taruhito , Imperial Prince Kitashirakawanomiya Yoshihisa , returned to the capital from the Imperial Palace , and the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was defeated by the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
At the end of the Edo period , he returned to his hometown and became a member of the House of Peers .
He was also known as ' Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ' or ' Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA . '
According to " Kansei Choshu Shokafu " ( genealogies of vassals in Edo bakufu ) , the title of honor was given to the Imperial Court .
In addition , the book was included in a book titled ' How to make a living by himself . '
He was born in Nagoya City , Aichi Prefecture , and there are many people who believe that he was ' born in Osaka ' or ' born in Kyoto . '
In addition , it is said that , when he was young , he was asked by his father , who was a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east , ' to be a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east ' and to be a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east . '
He was given the nickname of ' Yoshinobu ' by his father , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
In addition to the above , there are some people who believe that ' it is impossible for them to go back to the original place , ' such as in the Kanto region , and in the Kansai region , there are many people who believe that ' it is better for them to go back to the original place ' or in the Kansai region .
In addition , there is a description that says , ' I am not a man of culture but a man of culture of the time , ' which shows that he had a close relationship with the Mori clan , and that he had a close relationship with the Mori clan , who had a close relationship with the Ito clan , and that he had a close relationship with the Mori clan in those days .
He was born as the fourth son of Nariaki TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Kishu Domain , on December 27 , 1858 .
His lawful wife was a daughter of Emperor Gomizunoo , and he was the second consort of the Emperor .
There is a theory that his mother was a concubine of Iemitsu TOKUGAWA , and he had a son named Kojiro HOTTA .
His childhood name was Goro .
When he was nine years old , he went to the capital ( Kyoto ) to study under the guidance of the lord of the domain , however , he did not get along with his older brother and he was called ' the father of the lord of the domain ' or ' the lord of the domain . '
It is said that he had no children , but he was adopted by Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the domain , and became the heir of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
On January 27 , 1864 , he was adopted by the Matsudaira family and became the lord of the domain .
On the same day , he was granted the family name of Matsudaira by the Emperor and became the lord of the domain .
In addition , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his father , who had just been appointed as roju ( member of shogun 's council of elders ) , and to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his older brother , Naosuke II .
In the same year , he was promoted to the rank of Junii ( Junior Second Rank ) , and in the same year , he was assassinated by a vassal of the Tokugawa family ( however , there is also a theory that he was involved in the assassination of his older brother , Iesada TOKUGAWA ) .
In the same year , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Mito Domain , was appointed as the successor of the lord of the Kaga Domain , Yoshinaga MATSUDAIRA , who was the younger brother of the lord of the Kaga Domain , Iesada TOKUGAWA , and he was also involved in the plan to overthrow the Shogunate .
In the same year , he was ordered to take over as head of the family by Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , and in the same year , he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) together with his foster father , who was the lord of the domain , and then he was appointed as the lord of the domain ( however , there is also a theory that he was involved in the assassination of Naosuke II , the lord of the domain ) .
In the same year , the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) issued an imperial edict to hunt down and kill Naosuke II .
In the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the order of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and in the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the lord of the domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , who was the lord of the domain , and he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the lord of the domain , Katamori MATSUDAIRA .
Although he was not allowed to enter the Imperial Palace , he changed his name to ' Takayoshi KIDO ' because of the pressure from the bakufu .
In 1861 , he was pardoned .
In the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , and in the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by the lord of the domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , who was the lord of the domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , and to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) .
On March 18 , he was appointed as a member of the House of Peers by the recommendation of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
In the same year , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered him to take over the post of roju ( member of shogun 's council of elders ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and the post of Kyoto shoshidai ( The Kyoto deputy ) .
In the same year , he went to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his father , Emperor Komei , and in the same year , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to go up to Kyoto .
The next year , when Emperor Komei visited the Imperial Palace to pray for the victory of the Western Army , he said , ' I am going to the Imperial Palace , but I am going to the Imperial Palace and I am going to the Imperial Palace . '
In the same year , he was appointed as a member of the House of Peers by the order of Emperor Komei , but he was defeated in the Battle of Toba and Fushimi , and he was expelled from the political world together with other members of the Choshu clan and the Choshu clan .
However , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by the order of the retired Emperor , and he also had a close relationship with the lord of the domain , Sanetomi SANJO , with whom he had a close relationship ; moreover , he was also ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by the lord of the domain , Takayoshi KIDO , with whom he had no choice but to do ; therefore , he was forced to leave the domain , and then he was ordered to leave the domain .
He was appointed as Kyoto shugoshoku ( Military governor of Kyoto ) and Osaka jodai ( the keeper of Osaka Castle ) , and later , he was appointed as the successor of the family to the lord of the domain , Katamori MATSUDAIRA ( the lord of the Fukui Domain ) , but he was dismissed from the post due to his involvement in the battle against the army of Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Taruhito ( the son of Emperor Komei ) and became the lord of the domain .
Tenguto no Ran ( Rebellion of Tenguto ) , which occurred in the same year , was defeated by the troops of the Tokugawa shogunate led by his younger brother and younger brothers and sisters in the castle town .
In the following year , 1864 , he fought in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi against the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) led by Kinmochi SAIONJI .
The following year , the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered the return of lands and people to the emperor , but the plan was rejected by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
In the following year , 1864 , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to hunt down and kill the Satsuma Domain .
However , the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was defeated by the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) led by Kinmochi SAIONJI and returned to Satsuma .
After the Battle of Sekigahara , he was exiled to Sado Province on March 24 , 1600 .
In the same year , the Emperor issued an Imperial edict to expel the foreigners , and the following year , he returned to Kyoto .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , who succeeded to the headship of the family , died suddenly .
On the same day , Ieyasu TOKUGAWA , the head of the family , passed away .
On the same day , he was appointed as Gijo ( a general official of the Imperial Household in charge of State affairs ) , but he resigned from the post due to the death of Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA .
It is said that he made efforts to restore the authority of the Imperial Court .
In the same year , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to go to France , France , France , France , France , France , and the United States , and he was appointed to the chief of staff , and then he was appointed to the chief of staff of the navy .
In addition , he went to France to study under his father , and then he was appointed to the post of chief retainer of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
It was decided that the Emperor would go to the capital to establish a new government .
On January 24 , 1864 , he was ordered by Emperor Komei to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) , but he refused the offer because of the political conflict between the two clans ( Satsuma and Choshu ) .
It is said that the reason why the Imperial Court gave up the post was because of the political pressure from the bakufu .
However , in March of the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by Emperor Komei , and in the same year , he was ordered to go to the post of Sangi ( councilor ) , and then he was ordered to go to the post of Sangi ( councilor ) ( however , there was also a theory that he was involved in the assassination of his older brother , Tomomi IWAKURA ) .
In the same year , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , who was the lord of the domain , tried to make peace with the Imperial Court , however , he refused the request and went back to the capital , and he was forced to leave the government .
In the following year , 1864 , he went up to Kyoto with the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and joined the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi .
However , on the occasion of the Battle of Sekigahara , he was ordered to go to the front of the Imperial Palace , and on the other hand , he was attacked by the troops of the Uesugi clan , and died on the same day ( according to the " Azuma Kagami " ( The Mirror of the East ) ) .
In the same year , the Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Taruhito , who was the commander of the expeditionary force to the east , was ordered to go to the east by the new government .
In response to this , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the domain , raised an army .
In March of the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the lord of Kokura Domain , Buzen Province .
He succeeded to the head of the family and became the second son of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
In the same year , he was ordered to return to the service of the lord of the domain , Takamori SAIGO , but he was defeated by the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) at the Battle of Toba-Fushimi and escaped to the residence of Satsuma Domain .
In August of the same year , he was transferred to the Nagoya Domain .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Mito Domain
Chief retainer of the Matsudaira family ( Mito Matsudaira family )
Ansei no Taigoku ( suppression of extremists by the Shogunate ) ( Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA )
Shugo ( Military Governor ) of Mino Province
Chief retainer of the Matsudaira family ( Mito Domain )
Osaki no kata
Takeo NAKAJIMA
Hanzo MATSUDAIRA
In 1869 , he returned to his hometown during the Boshin War .
After entering the Buddhist priesthood , various kinds of music , such as music , music , and music , were produced .
In 1899 , he moved to Tokyo .
In the following year , he went to the Imperial Palace of Emperor Meiji , and in the following year , he went back to his hometown .
In 1868 , he was raised to the peerage and became the head of the family .
In 1947 , he returned to secular life and took over as head of the family .
In 1914 , he died at the age of 83 .
He died at the age of 24 on the same day .
* Dates are based on the old lunar calendar .
In 1847
He was adopted by the Tokugawa family .
January 12 , 1867 : Transferred to the post of Udaijin ( Minister of the Right ) .
He was awarded the rank of Jusanmi ( Junior Third Rank ) and appointed as Sakone gon no chujo ( Provisional Middle Captain of the Left Division of Inner Palace Guards ) .
In December of the same year , she gave birth to the first son , Masahiro TAKATSUKASA , who was a Gon Dainagon ( Provisional Major Counselor ) .
He was Sangi ( councillor ) .
In 1858 , he became the successor of Iesada TOKUGAWA .
In December of the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
He retired in October 1864 .
1862
He succeeded to the headship of the family on November 9 .
On the same day , he was appointed as Sessho ( regent ) .
In December , he was transferred to Gon Chunagon ( provisional vice-councilor of state ) .
In December of the same year , he was appointed as Kokuji goyogakari ( a general official of the Imperial Household in charge of State affairs ) .
1864
On March 24 , he resigned from the position of Nairan .
On March 18 , he resigned from the position of Sessho .
March 28 : He was assigned to the post of Governor of Owari Province , and was also assigned to the post of Commander of the Left and Right Divisions .
He fought in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi .
1866
February 24 : He was additionally appointed as Governor of Kyoto .
He succeeded to the family name of Tokugawa on the same day .
He was appointed as Gon Dainagon ( provisional major counselor ) and Ukone no daisho ( Major Captain of the Right Division of Inner Palace Guards ) at the rank of Junii ( Junior Second Rank ) .
On the same day , he was appointed as seii taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) .
1867
In August , he was appointed as Naidaijin ( minister of the center ) .
Retained his position as Ukone no daisho .
Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to Emperor )
On January 18 , he resigned from the position of Seii Taishogun .
On January 18 , 1864 , he was dismissed from the post .
He was dismissed on December 24 , 1869 .
January 7 , 1869 : Promoted to Junii ( Junior Second Rank ) .
He was promoted to the rank of Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) on February 26 , 1897 .
He was promoted to Juichii ( Junior First Rank ) on February 24 , 1907 .
On November 23 , 1887 , he moved to Tokyo .
On January 24 , 1889 , he was appointed as Emperor Meiji 's first president .
He was given the title of marquis on April 16 , 1901 .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the family head of the Echizen Matsudaira family , used the name ' Yoshinobu . '
In December of the same year
1908
He was awarded the rank of Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) and became a member of the House of Peers on New Year 's Day .
On December 28 , he retired .
He died at the age of 75 on February 26 , 1903 .
He was posthumously awarded the Grand Cordon of the Order of the Rising Sun .
He was a master of Japanese archery , and he was also a master of art of warfare , and he was also a master of the art of spearmanship , which was a traditional Japanese art of warfare .
He was also a master of Japanese archery at first , but later he devoted himself to the development of new industry .
Although he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) , he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the order of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and therefore , he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) and was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the order of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
It is said that when he was on his way home , he said , ' I am going to fight with you , ' and when he was attacked and killed , he said , ' I am going to fight with you . '
It is said that the reason why he died was that he was the only person in the service of the Imperial Court in the history of Japan , and that he did not get along well with his father , Takamori SAIGO .
It is said that he went back to Kyoto when he was seven years old .
When he was young , he went to the capital with his elder brother , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , and was given a special treatment , and he was given a special treatment as a ' special envoy ' by the Imperial Court with a special permission from the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and a special permission from the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
Yodo YAMAUCHI , who was a feudal retainer of the Satsuma clan , was also involved in the assassination of his master , but he was not involved in the plan .
I am going to have a chance to go to the capital . '
Ryoma SAKAMOTO , who was a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east , ' said as follows :
It is said that if you do not have much money , you will not be able to have more than 10,000 ryo .
At the same time , he was forced to resign from the post of Shogun by the recommendation of his father , and he was called ' the king of Japan . '
However , after the death of Emperor Meiji , he is said to have been a member of the Shinsengumi ( a group who guarded Kyoto during the end of Tokugawa Shogunate ) .
Although he was a member of the Shinsengumi , he was never heard of after the death of his father , Emperor Meiji .
When the Battle of Toba-Fushimi broke out , he went to the east with his father and fought against the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
It is said that , when he was young , he went to the front with his wife and children , but he did not go to the front because of the influence of the politics of the time .
However , since there was a conflict between the two sides , the Tokugawa side and the Tokugawa side , and the Tokugawa side , who were afraid that the Tokugawa side would be able to escape from the war , gave up on the condition that they would go to the capital and that they would go to the capital ( Kyoto ) , and that they would not go to the capital ( Kyoto ) , and that they would go to the capital ( Kyoto ) , and that they would not go to the capital ( Osaka ) and that they would be able to fight with each other .
It is said that the reason why he became a priest was that he had no choice but to do with the policy of the Imperial Court , and that he was involved in the internal conflict of the Tokugawa Shogunate , the conflict between the Imperial Court and the Shogunate and the Shogunate , and that he was also involved in the conflict between the two parties , and that he was also involved in the conflict between the two parties , and that he was also involved in the conflict between the Imperial Court and the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
In the end of the Edo period , the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) tried to avoid the conflict between the two countries , but the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and the Imperial Court opposed this and decided that the number of people who could not participate in the war would be reduced .
At the beginning of the Meiji period , he was a member of the House of Peers , and he became a member of the Shinsengumi ( a group who guarded Kyoto during the end of Tokugawa Shogunate ) .
In the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his older brother , Kaoru INOUE , and he wrote a draft of ' The Record of the Great Peace . '
In addition , there is a passage in the " Journal of Historical Records . "
It is said that the contents of the letter were quite different from those of the previous one , and the contents of the letter were quite different from those of the previous one .
It is said that the reason why he became a priest was that he did not get along with his older brother , and that he did not get along with the people of the domain , and that he was also involved in the assassination of the lord of the domain ( according to the " Dainihonshi " [ Great history of Japan ] ) .
It is said that the second volume of " Dainihonshi " ( Great history of Japan ) , which was written by Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , was lost .
It is said that , when Emperor Meiji visited the Imperial Palace , he asked for permission to have the honor of being a member of the Imperial Family or a member of the Imperial Family .
In addition , there was a case in which the head priest of the Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) was buried in the graveyard of the Zojo-ji Temple in Ueno , Tokyo , where the head priest of the Jodo Shinshu sect was buried .
It is said that Emperor Komei gave him the posthumous name of ' Emperor . '
After the death of his father , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by the order of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , but he refused to do so , saying ' I am going to do so ' and ' I am going to do so because I am going to the same place as him . '
After the Battle of Sekigahara , there was a theory that says that he was a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east ' and that he was a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east ' , but he died of illness at the age of 56 .
He was a vassal of the Matsudaira family and his wife was a daughter of a feudal retainer of Aizu Domain .
At the same time , he had a lot of knowledge about Japanese , including English , English , English , English , and German , and it is said that he had a chance to go to work at the Imperial Palace to work at the Imperial Palace , and that he had a chance to go to work at the Imperial Palace to work at the Imperial Palace with his friends .
It is said that there were many people who tried to make a sound by making a sound .
He did not have much time to write a book , which was a rare case in those days .
In addition , there is a record that says that when he was a child , he went to the Imperial Palace and became a disciple of Shoyo TSUBOUCHI , who was a scholar of Japanese classical literature at the University of Tokyo .
He was a younger brother of Mitsukuni TOKUGAWA .
He was born as the second son of Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Taruhito on January 18 , 1849 .
He died at the age of 85 on January 6 , 1849 , and his real mother was from a branch family of the Kiyohara clan .
After the death of her husband , she was treated as a lady in the same way as a woman in the Edo period , and after that , she was treated as a woman in the same way as a woman in the Meiji period .
He had two younger brothers and two younger sisters , who later became the wife of Imperial Prince Fushiminomiya Kuniie , and the wife of Imperial Prince Fushiminomiya Kuniie , who later became the ninth family head of the Echizen Matsudaira family .
She was the wife of Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Takahito and the wife of Imperial Prince Fushimi Sadanaru .
He was born as the second son of Gon Dainagon ( provisional chief councilor of state ) Masamichi TAKATSUKASA , and his mother was Nobuko on April 16 , 1849 .
His wife was Masako ( a daughter of Tadayoshi TODA , a feudal retainer of the Owari clan ) , and his second wife was Sadako NAKAYAMA .
The third son : SHO ( died on April 26 , 1895 )
He was born as the eldest son of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the 11th lord of the domain , on March 18 , 1903 , and passed away on April 16 , 1902 .
She was born on November 24 , 1903 , as the third daughter of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , and died on November 24 , 1930 .
July 1 , 1864 : He was the eldest son of Masahiro MAKINO , who had the title of Ukone no shosho ( Minor Captain of the Right Division of Inner Palace Guards ) and the second son of Kaoru INOUE .
The tenth son : SHO ( died young )
Second daughter : Princess Masako ( December 26 , 1871 - August 26 , 2000 )
Imperial Prince Fushimi Sadanaru , the ninth prince of Imperial Prince Fushiminomiya Kuniie , died on October 27 , 1930 .
The tenth son : SHO ( born in October , 1868 , died in November , 1945 )
The 11th daughter : Masako TOKUGAWA ( December 26 , 1868 - April 16 , 2000 )
On January 27 , 1861 , he was born as the fourth son of Yoshinobu SATAKE ( the 15th lord of the domain ) .
His oldest son was Kiyoshi KATAOKA ( the third son ) , and his second daughter .
April 24 , 1869 : He was a baron and a member of the House of Peers .
The third son : SHO Tai ( born on April 24 , 1895 , died on April 24 , 1895 )
The fifth son of the eleventh family head , Tadateru MATSUDAIRA ( April 26 , 1868 - April 26 , 1995 )
The third son : SHO ( April 26 , 1852 - April 26 , 1938 )
Second son : Imperial Prince Fushimi Sadanaru ( December 12 , 1850 - December 27 , 1931 ) , Jugoi ( Junior Fifth Rank )
The third daughter : Masako ( born in August , 1930 - died on July 26 , 1993 )
Fourth son : Tadateru MATSUDAIRA ( December 27 , 1864  December 27 , 1993 )
The fourth daughter : Princess Yoshiko ( December 26 , 1864 - April 26 , 1974 ) was a member of the Imperial family .
The fourth daughter : Princess Masako ( December 28 , 1849 - December 27 , 2000 ) was a member of the House of Peers and a member of the House of Peers
August 1 , 1873 : He died .
The tenth son : SHO Tai ( died on May 24 , 1945 )
The ninth son : Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ( October 12 , 1905  December 24 , 1945 )
On November 1 , 1873 , he was demoted from nobility to subject .
Tenshoin ( wife of Iesada TOKUGAWA , the lord of the domain )
Novels
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , " The Last Shogun of the Tokugawa Shogunate , Vol . 2 "
" The Last Shogun Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA "
Film films
Acted by Kazuo HASEGAWA " Year 2004 " by Kazuo HASEGAWA .
TV dramas
" NHK Taiga Drama " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Daisuke ITO )
" Shin Kabuki Eiga Monogatari " ( The Tale of the Taira Family ) ( Shochiku Co . , Ltd . , 1969 , portrayed by Koki KIMURA )
" Onmyoji " ( NHK Taiga Drama ) , played by Ryotaro SHIBA
" Onmyoji " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Kazuo HASEGAWA )
Acted by Ryotaro SHIBA " Bakumatsu " ( New Year 's Theater ) Year 2006 , by TV Asahi .
" The Tale of the Heike , " written by Minoru MURATA , 1955
" Samurai " ( Samurai drama series ) , released by TV Tokyo Broadcasting Corporation , 1967
" Komyo ga Tsuji " ( The War Chronicle of the Imperial Family ) , written by Ryotaro SHIBA , published by TV Asahi in 1966 , by TV Asahi .
" Shinsen-gumi " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Kiyoshi KATO )
" The Last Sword " ( NHK Taiga drama series , 1966 ) , played by Kazuo HASEGAWA
" Samurai " ( Samurai drama series ) ( New Year 's period drama series , portrayed by Hiroyuki KATO ) , and " New Year 's Eve " ( New Year 's period drama series , directed by Hiroyuki KATO )
" NHK Taiga Drama " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Kazuo KATAOKA )
" Kasuga no Tsubone " ( TV drama ) ( Shochiku Co . , Ltd . , 1969 , Shochiku Co . Ltd . )
" The Last Sword and the Sword " ( directed by Kenji MIZOGUCHI ) , Shochiku Co . , Ltd. and Shochiku Co . , Ltd . ( directed by Kazuo HASEGAWA ) : released in the summer of 1930 .
" Shinsengumi ! " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Kazuo HASEGAWA ) .
" NHK Taiga Drama " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Kazuo HASEGAWA )
" The Story of the House of Sen "
Yukichi FUKUZAWA : ' The former president of the House of Representatives '
NHK Taiga Drama - " Ryoma ga Tsuji " ( Ryoma SAKAMOTO )
...
Yamashina Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture , is a station on the Sanin Main Line , which is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
The entire line is operated by West Japan Railway Company .
The line is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) , but it is also operated by the local trains that arrive at and depart from Platform 1 and arrive at and depart from Platform 2 .
The following is a list of special rapid trains that run between the two stations .
The name of the museum comes from the fact that the color of the color of the sun is different from that of the sun .
West Japan Railway Company ( railway business operator )
Railway distance ( operating distance ) : 95 km
Track gauge : 160 mm
Number of stations : 6 ( including the starting and final stations )
Kamo Station - JR Kyoto Line / JR Tozai Line
Electrified section : entire line ( direct current 600 V )
Electrified section : Automatic block system ( automatic block system ) , automatic block system
Automatic ticket vending machine : Automatic block system
Operation section : Shin-Osaka General Operation Center
Design speed : 95 km / h ( exclusive speed : 95 km / h )
The West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) Fukuchiyama Branch is located in Uji City , Kyoto Prefecture .
For example , the Nara Line of the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) , which ran from Kyoto to Osaka , is called the Kyoto Line .
At the same time , it was decided that the line would be extended to the east of the Nara Line , and that the line would be extended to the south of the current Nara Station ( Nara Prefecture ) via the Tokaido Main Line and Sanyo Main Line .
Nara Station , located in the south of Nara Station , is a stop on the Nara Line , which is operated by JR West .
On the other hand , the Nara Kotsu Bus Lines Co . , Ltd . , which started operating on the section between Kyoto Station and Shingu Station on the JR Tozai Line on the same day , was established on March 1 , 1972 .
Kintetsu Nara Line * This station is located in the vicinity of the station .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 , ' which was the first class railway in Japan , started to be used .
Nara Electric Railway Co . , Ltd . , operates the Kintetsu Kyoto Line and the Kintetsu Nara Line .
In addition to the above , the number of people who lived during the Nara period ( except for those who lived in the Nara period and early Heian period ) in the Kansai region ( including those in the Kintetsu Kyoto Line and the Kintetsu Kyoto Line ) increased by half a year and the number of people in the Kansai region increased by half , but the number of people in the Kansai region was reduced by half a year .
JR ( West ) Suburban Trains Series 113 , which ran between Osaka and Kobe , started to run on the same platform , and the number of trains that ran on the same track increased with the introduction of ' JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series Suburban Train Series 113 , ' which ran on the same track .
In addition , the area around the station is designated as a national historic site , and the area around the station is designated as a national historic site along with the surrounding area of Kyoto City .
However , the section between the east and west of the station and the section between the east and west of the station and between the east and west of the station and between the east and west of the station and between the two stations is very crowded .
The line is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) , while the line is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
East Japan Railway Company ( JR East ) and Central Japan Railway Company ( JR Central ) , both of which are mutually usable , are mutually usable with ICOCA and PiTaPa .
The ticket gate of the station is located in the south of the station .
In addition , the express trains that stopped at this station were operated in the section between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station , and the express trains that stopped at this station were operated in the section between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station , and the express trains that stopped at this station were operated in the section were operated in the section between 1966 and 1999 ( refer to the section of ' Special Rapid ' for details ) .
Local trains run on the Nara Line .
It is operated between Uji Station and Platform 4 , and it is operated as a special rapid train .
The nickname ' Biwako Express ' was used for the first time in the past .
Nara Kotsu Bus Lines Co . , Ltd . , operates bus services from Kyoto Station to Nara Station , but this is not a common practice .
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 207 and JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 113 are used .
The maximum speed of the regular railway line is 120 km / h and the maximum speed of the regular railway line is 120 km / h .
The trains run between Kyoto and Nara every 30 minutes , and between Kyoto and Nara every 30 minutes .
The trains stop at this station and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 at Kyoto Station , while the trains depart from and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 .
15 minutes walk from the east exit of the station .
History
March 1 , 2001 : The operation started .
March 15 , 2001 : The station was upgraded to a stop at which rapid trains stopped .
It is operated during the morning rush hours .
Uji Station ( JR West ) and Uji Station ( JR West ) stop at every station .
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 207 is used for local trains and local trains .
It is operated between Uji Station and Platform 4 , and it is operated as a special rapid train .
Rapid trains stop at every station on the Nara Line .
According to the " Engishiki " ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) , it was decided that the trains would run between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station , and that the trains would depart from and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 and depart from Platform 4 , and that the trains would depart from and depart from and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 and depart from Platform 4 , and that the trains would depart from and depart from and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 .
It is operated as a special rapid train bound for Nara via the Sakurai Line .
It is operated in the morning and evening .
On the other hand , the timetable was revised in the early morning of March 15 , 2006 , and the number of passengers boarding at this station was fixed .
Local trains run on the same track as rapid trains bound for Kyoto , but they don 't stop at this station because of the following reasons : ( 1 ) local trains stopped at every station on the same platform ; ( 2 ) rapid trains stopped at every station on the same platform ; ( 2 ) rapid trains stopped at every station on the same platform , and ( 3 ) trains stopped at every station on the same platform .
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 207 is used on the Uji Line , and the number of trains operated on the Uji Line is nearly equal to that of Series 113 .
During the daytime , trains run on the outer line and run on the outer line .
For example , in the early morning of New Year 's Eve , when the train schedule was revised , the local train was changed to ' Special Rapid Service ' and the local train was changed to ' Special Rapid Service , ' while the local train was changed to ' Special Rapid Service , ' which was operated on the same platform as the local train , which was operated on the same platform as the local train .
This platform is used for the trains bound for Uji Station ( JR West ) .
It is operated between Kyoto Station and Tenri Station .
The number of passengers per hour in the section between Kyoto Station and Higashi-Maizuru Station is approximately 95 per hour .
JR ( West ) Commuter Train Series 207 is used for all trains .
Rapid trains run on the inner tracks during the morning rush hour .
On the other hand , the Nara Line ( Yamatoji Line ) and the Sakurai Line ( Yamatoji Line ) began operating on the first day of the New Year 's Day in 1997 .
Only local trains stop at this station on the Nara Line .
1949 : The JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 started operating between Kyoto Station and Amanohashidate Station , and the trains that ran between Osaka Station and Amanohashidate Station were called ' Express ( train ) , ' ' Express ( train ) , ' ' Express ( train ) , ' Express ( train ) , ' Express ( train ) , ' Express ( train ) , ' Express ( train ) and Express ( train ) . '
On the other hand , it was decided that the special rapid train would be operated between Kyoto Station and Shimonoseki Station on the JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 on January 1 , 2001 .
In the past , there was a special rapid train that ran between Kyoto and Nara via the JR Tozai Line ( JR Nara Line ) .
During the daytime , the operation of the special rapid trains was extended to the east of Uji Station and to the west of Uji Station , but in the early morning , the operation of the special rapid trains was extended to the west of Uji Station and to the east of Uji Station .
Local trains stop at every station on the Katamachi Line .
At the same time , the special rapid trains that stopped at every station between Uji Station and Uji Station on the Keihan Main Line began making stops at every station .
The trains that arrive at and depart from this station started making stops at this station in 1997 .
During the morning rush hours in the morning and evening rush hours in the evening , the line was designated as a special rapid train .
On the other hand , the trains of JR West use Platform 1 .
Nara Kotsu Bus Lines Co . , Ltd . , operates two round-trip services a day from the east exit of the station to the east exit of the station on the Nara Line , and from the west exit of the station to the east exit of the station .
It was Nara Line .
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 207
Local trains run on the JR Tozai Line and the Yamatoji Line , and all of them run on the Yamatoji Line .
Local trains run on the same track as those of ' Rapid Service ' and ' Regional Rapid Service , ' but they run on the same track as those of ' Regional Rapid Service ' during the daytime .
The train cars of this type are operated only during the daytime .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 113 is used for local trains and local trains , but it is also used for local trains and local trains .
The cars of this type were transferred from the Osaka Loop Line to the Hanwa Line .
At the same time , the section between Kyoto Station and Nara Station was opened to traffic , and the section between Kyoto Station and Higashi-Maizuru Station opened .
In the same year , the Tokaido Main Line ( between Kyoto and Fushimi ) and the Sanyo Main Line ( between Nagoya and Fushimi ) were opened , but the route between Kyoto and Fushimi was changed to a double track and the line between Kyoto and Fushimi was changed to a double track .
At the same time , the Kyoto Municipal Subway Tozai Line started its operation , and this station became a facility of the Nara Electric Railway .
November 12 , 1897 : The station opened as a facility of the Tokaido Main Line between Kyoto Station and Inari Station .
Inari Station commenced operation .
November 12 , 1897 : The station was inaugurated when the section between Kyoto and Nara was opened to traffic .
Fushimi Station opened .
Keihan Kyoto Main Line
November 1 : The line between Iwakura Station and Mukomachi Station opened .
Station 's station opened .
November 1 , 1896 : The line between Shin-Kizu and Shin-Kizu ( opened to traffic ) opened .
JR Tozai Line : Rokujizo Station - Rokujizo Station - Uji Station
November 1 : The line between Kamo and Shin-Kizu ( between Kizu and Shin-Kizu ) was opened .
Shiki Station - Kizu Station - Kizu Station
November 1 : The line between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station was opened to traffic by extending the line .
April 12 : The station opened .
November 1 , 1897 : The station was renamed as Inari Station of the Nara Electric Railway .
April 1 , 1918 : The station opened .
October 1 : The unit of business distance was shortened from miles to meters ( operation kilometers ) .
October 1 , 1898 : The station became a Nara Electric Railway station as a result of amalgamation .
October 1 , 1907 : The Kansai Railway Company was nationalized .
October 1 , 1897 : The station was inaugurated as a facility of Kyoto City Trams .
October 1 , 1895 : The station was inaugurated as a facility on the Nara Line of the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
November 1 , 1896 : The station opened when the section between Uji and Shin-Kizu was opened .
June 1 , 1897 : The station opened as a facility of the Kyoto Line .
November 1 : The station was abolished .
August 1 , 1918 : The station was abolished .
April 1 , 1896 : The station was opened when the section between Tenmabashi Station and Neyagawa Signal Station was opened .
June 1 : The line between Kyoto Station and Shin-Kizu Station was opened ( the line between Nagoya Station and Shin-Kizu Station opened ) .
The line between Fukakusa Station and Mukomachi Station opened .
The line between Inari Station and Fushimi Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) became a double line .
- The section between Otani Station and Nagao Station ( freight branch line ) opened .
April 1 , 1898 : The station was relocated to the south side of Kamo Station .
November 1 , 1902 : The station was opened with the opening of the operation of the second section of the line .
The line between Kamo Station and Shin-Kizu Station was abolished .
November 1 , 1898 : The line between Omiya Station and Shin-Kizu Station opened .
Fushimi Station was abolished .
April 1 , 1930 : The unit of operation distance was changed from miles to meters ( from miles to meters ) .
November 1 , 1957 : The station was upgraded to a station , and the station was upgraded to a station located on the west side of the station .
November 15 , 1928 : The station opened .
December 12 , 1928 : Hanazono Station commenced operation .
November 1 , 2003 : The station was inaugurated .
April 1 , 1949 : The station opened .
April 1 , 1984 : The train operation started .
October 1 , 1984 : The section between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station was electrified .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113
Tokaido Main Line ( Biwako Line ) and Sanyo Main Line ( Biwako Line )
April 1 , 1987 : The station became a JR West station due to the split privatization of Japan National Railways .
Japan Freight Railway Company ( JR West ) took over the railway business .
March 1 , 2000 : The JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 183 started operating .
April 15 , 2002 : The station opened .
It is a stop at Kyoto Station .
July 1 , 2000 : The train schedule was revised .
( JR West ) Suburban Train Series 207 , Rapid Service
April 1 , 1997 : The station was inaugurated as a facility of the Tozai Line .
March 15 , 2000 : The station became a stop at which express trains stop .
April 1 , 2000 : The Uji Line and the JR Tozai Line started operating between Uji Station and Uji Station .
JR Ogura Station opened .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113
March 15 : The rapid express trains began making stops at every station on the line .
March 15 , 2001 : The station became a stop for rapid trains bound for Uji Station ( JR West ) and rapid trains bound for Uji Station .
Japan Freight Railway Company ( JR West ) started operations on the same day .
October 1 , 2000 : The train schedule was revised and the number of passengers using the track between Platform 2 and Platform 4 was increased .
July 12 , 1977 : The construction of the new building was completed .
October 1 , 2000 : The operation of the Kyoto Line was extended to six cars .
It is said that the entire line between Shichijo Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) and Nikenchaya Station is a double double track , but it has not been decided whether it is a single track or not .
Keihan Electric Railway Co . , Ltd . , operates two different lines : one for the north and the other for the south side of the station , and the other for the south side of the station .
The section between Kyoto Station and Sonobe Station was opened to traffic , and the entire section between this station and Sonobe Station was opened to traffic .
Keihan Electric Railway Co . , Ltd . , operates a special express bus that starts from and ends at this station and ends at this station .
The station house was moved to the Osaka Municipal Subway Tozai Line .
For details , refer to the article of Nara Electric Railway and JR Tozai Line .
This section describes the operation distance from Kyoto Station .
Omiya Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) - Rokujizo Station - ( operation distance ) : 95 km / h
This section describes the operation distance from Kyoto Station .
Kamo Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) : 95 km / h
Keiji Bypass ( National Route 162 ) : Nantan City , Kyoto Prefecture , is located on the right bank of the Yodo-gawa River .
The area around the station is designated as a national zone .
The section of National Route 24 , which is under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism , is under construction .
From the south of the station , the Meishin Expressway and the Meishin Expressway run from the south to the south , and from the south to the south in Osaka City .
Meishin Expressway ( National Route 9 ) : Kyoto Minami Interchange - ( Kyoto Prefecture ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 1 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 1 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 1 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 1 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 1 ) - ( 1 ) - ( 1 ) - ( 1 ) - ( 1 ) - ( however , it is also possible that such a route has a high level of water level .
The construction of the Tokaido Main Line and the Kyoto Outer Loop Expressway were completed , and the construction of the section between Kyoto and Kobe was completed and the section between Kyoto and Kobe was changed to the section between Kyoto and Fukui .
The section between the east and west of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) is designated as National Route 27 .
The section between the two stations is under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism .
In addition to the above , there are some routes that are operated by private railway companies , such as Keihan Bus Co . , Ltd . , and Keihan Bus Co . , Ltd . , which are free of charge .
Please refer to the section on ' Keiji Bypass ' for details .
Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture
Oyamazaki-cho , Otokuni-gun , Kyoto Prefecture
Height above sea level : 16 km
Road width : 2 lanes
Design speed : 95 km / h
June 31 , 2000 : The construction of the steam locomotive started .
Shiga Prefecture
Kyoto Prefecture
Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City : Oyamazaki-cho , Otokuni-gun
Meishin Expressway No. 8 Interchange - Meishin Expressway
Meishin Expressway - National Highway 478 Interchange - Meishin Expressway
Oyamazaki Interchange - Oyamazaki Interchange - Oyamazaki Interchange - Meishin Expressway
Keinawa Expressway runs under the bridge .
There is a plan to build a new facility .
Roads are operated by local municipalities unless otherwise specified .
West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) : Kusatsu Line
( The section between the east exit of the station and the west exit of the station and between the east exit of the station and the west exit of the station )
October 12 , 2000 : The entire line was extended to the east of the Kizu Interchange .
November 1 , 2000 : The entire line was opened .
After the establishment of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism , the construction of Shinkansen was started .
November 1 , 1898 : The entire line between Oyamazaki Station and Oyamazaki Station opened .
October 1 , 2005 : The station opened .
Fiscal year 2005 : Fiscal year 2005 Average Traffic Volume ( Road Traffic Volume )
Oyamazaki Interchange - Oyamazaki Interchange
The section between the east side of the station and the west side of the station is under construction , and the section between the east side of the station and the west side is under construction .
In the spring of the same year , he made a plan to build a studio in the vicinity of the station , which was operated by the company .
The section between the east side of the station and the west side of the station is under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism , and the section between the two stations is under the control of National Highway Route No. 24 .
In addition , there are some areas where people can get on and off the bus at the same time ( for example , in the section between Kyoto Station and Himeji Station ) and get off the bus at the same time ( for example , in the section between Yamashina Station and Himeji Station ) .
The construction of the Tokaido Main Line was planned , but the construction of the line was delayed due to the fact that the track of the Tokaido Main Line was cut off and the track of the Tokaido Main Line was elevated .
The route to the south of the station is a regular route , and the route to the south of the station is a regular route .
On the other hand , there are some areas where people can get on and off the train when they get on and off the train at the same time ( for example , the National Route 9 ) .
National Route 1 runs through the town .
Meishin Expressway and Meishin Expressway are located in the south of the station , but they are also located in the south of the station .
The section between the Kamo Interchange and the Kamo Interchange opened .
For example , the section between the east and west of the station is opened to traffic , and the section between the east and west is opened to traffic .
The section between the two stations is so narrow that it is difficult for people to get on and off the road .
Uji City - Joyo City - Joyo City - Joyo City - Joyo City
Kumiyama Town Office ( Kyoto Prefecture )
East is upper and west is lower .
The left is on the left and right side is on the right .
Fiscal year 2005 : Fiscal year 2005 Average Traffic Volume ( Road Traffic Volume )
2 chome , Seika-cho , Kizugawa City
Kumiyama Town Hall - Yawata City Hall
Kizu Regional Development Bureau ( Kinki Regional Transport Bureau )
Kyoto Prefecture Road No. 8 Kyoto Road No. 8 , Kyoto Road No. 8 circular Road ( Kyoto Prefectural Road No. 22 Road )
Kyoto Prefecture Road Public Corporation ( tentative name : National Road 478 Road )
Kosho-ji Temple , located in Maizuru City , Kyoto Prefecture , is a temple of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) .
Shinshu sect Otani school is one of the schools of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) and one of the schools of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) and one of the schools of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) .
In 1947 , the formal name of the temple was changed to ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple ' and the current name was changed to ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple . '
The name of the street comes from the fact that the street is called ' Nishi Shichijo ' and the street is called ' Nishi Shichijo . '
( Refer to the article on the history of Hongan-ji Temple for details . )
In 1596 , after the death of Hideyoshi TOYOTOMI , the temple was given the honorific mountain prefix of Nishi Hongan-ji Temple by the Imperial Court and became a branch temple of Nishi Hongan-ji Temple .
The name of the street comes from the fact that the street in the east of Higashiyama Ward ( Kyoto City ) and the street in the west of Higashiyama Ward ( Kyoto City ) was designated as a national highway .
In 1941 , it was divided into two groups : one group and the other group , and the other group was divided into two groups .
At the same time , the Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , which was founded at the foot of Mt . Funaoka , was given the name ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple , ' and the name ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple ' was changed to ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple , ' and the name ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple ' was changed to ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple . '
In the case of Jodo Shinshu , the name of the school is sometimes changed to Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) and the name of the school is changed to Jodo Shinshu .
Refer to the Incident .
In the early-modern times , the temple had a large number of buildings including the main hall of the temple , including the main hall of the temple , but it was destroyed by fire during the Great Fire of the Tenmei Era and the Great Fire of the Tenmei Era .
The principal image is Amida Nyorai ( Amitabha Tathagata ) , which was burned down during the Great Fire of the Tenmei era .
The Sanmon gate is one of the three gates in Japan .
It is included in the " Selected Works of Shinran , " a national treasure , and the " Selected Works of Shinran Shonin . "
It is located in a residential area , and is designated as a World Heritage Site .
He was the present chief priest of Otani University .
National Treasure
Important Cultural Properties
Take the Kyoto City Subway Tozai Line to Kyoto Station .
University
Otani University
Kyoto Koka Women 's University
Osaka Otani University
Junior high school
Osaka University of Art
Osaka Music School
Osaka Women 's University
Myoren-ji Temple ( Maizuru City )
Kyoto Prefectural First Higher Middle School ( old education system ) was established .
It is abbreviated as ' ki . '
He was the first president of Doshisha University .
In 1871 , he became a professor of Osaka Prefectural University .
The operation of the rolling stock was changed to the express train .
1870 : The School of Medicine was renamed as the School of Medicine .
The second temporary teacher training school , Tokyo Imperial University ( closed in 1886 )
In 1886 : First temporary teacher training school , temporary teacher training school , temporary teacher training school
In 1880 , he became a professor of Osaka Prefectural School of Foreign Languages ( old education system ) .
In 1898 , he became a professor at Osaka Prefectural University .
He became a professor at Osaka Prefectural University in 1880 .
In 1886 , he became an instructor at the Third Higher Middle School ( old education system ) .
In 1890 , he became a professor at the University of Tokyo , and then became a professor at the University of Tokyo .
Faculty of Medicine was renamed Faculty of Medicine .
He became the governor of Kyoto Prefecture and then moved to Kyoto City ( present-day Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City ) in 1903 .
Faculty of Economics was established .
In 1891 , he became the principal of the Third Higher School .
Doshisha Junior High School ( under the old system ) was closed .
The Faculty of Engineering was established .
In 1890 , he was transferred to the Department of Political Science of Kyoto Imperial University ( current Faculty of Letters ) .
Faculty of Law ( Faculty of Law ) was established in the same year .
In 1898 , he became a professor at the Faculty of Medicine , University of Tokyo .
In 1949 , he became a professor at Kyoto Imperial University , and in the same year , he became a professor at Kyoto Imperial University ( present Kyoto University ) and became a professor at Kyoto University .
The following year , he became a regular course at the Third High School ( old system ) .
It was renamed as Faculty of Commerce in the same year .
Graduate School of Social Welfare and Graduate School of Social Welfare were established in 2001 .
2007 : The Faculty of Social Studies was established .
Faculty of Commerce was abolished .
Faculty of Social Studies and Faculty of Social Studies were established in 1997 .
Refer to the article on the History of Japan .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is a Shinto deity .
Ame no Minakanushi no Kami was also known as ' Ame no Minakanushi no Kami ' in ancient times .
It is a shrine where the sun god is enshrined .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) appears in " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) .
It is also known as Ame no Minakanushi no Mikoto .
The ' Kojiki ' ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) describes that the ' Nihonshoki ' ( Chronicles of Japan ) describes that the gods of heaven and earth were enshrined .
There is a theory that he was not a male god but a female god .
According to the " Kojiki " ( Records of Ancient Matters ) and the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , it was decided that the gods of heaven and earth should be the same as those of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) and that the gods of heaven and earth should be the same as those of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
The Three Sacred Treasures of the Imperial Family , the Yata no Kagami ( mirror ) , and the Yata no Kagami ( mirror ) , are enshrined in the Imperial Household Agency .
Originally , it was written in kanji ( Chinese characters ) , but later it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , the shrine was originally a shrine maiden .
Descriptions in mythology
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , when the fire broke out , he gave birth to a baby girl , who was born between Izanagi and Izanami .
He was born as the third son of Izanagi and Izanami , and he was also born as the third son of Izanagi .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) was ordered to go back to his country .
Izanagi went to the land of the dead , and then he was ordered to go to the land of the dead , the land of the dead , in which he was born .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) hid herself in the Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi Sword ( literally , " Heavenly Sword of Heaven , " which literally means " Heavenly Sword , " which literally means " Heavenly Sword , " which literally means " Heavenly Sword , " which was the title given to a Shinto shrine ) of Yamato Takeru no Mikoto , who was a younger brother of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess , the Sun Goddess ) , and went back to his hometown , Yamato Province with his father , Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , to ask for help .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , who was born between her and her husband , Izanagi and Izanami , was given a special permission to use her as an alternative name .
In the first place , he is considered to be a god who appears in the Kojiki ( Records of Ancient Matters ) and Nihonshoki ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
Amenokoyane no Mikoto
Ame no Minakanushi no Kami
Mukomachi no Kami
NISHINOUMI Shrine
Yamatohime no Mikoto
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) hid herself in the Ama no iwato ( Cave of Heaven ) of the Ama no iwato ( Cave of Heaven ) .
The life of people is long and long and long .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) gave birth to a child , and the next year , he was ordered by her to build a stone cave in the southeast corner of the country , and also ordered by her husband , Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , to build a stone cave in the southeast of the country .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) gave birth to a child named Isotakeru , who was sent to Ashihara no Nakatsukuni ( the Central Land of Reed Plains ) .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) gave birth to a child , and when he went back to his hometown , he went back to his hometown in Ashihara no Nakatsukuni ( the Central Land of Reed Plains ) .
Commentary
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is said to have given birth to a child of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , and it is also said that this is because the reason why it was because it was because it was because it was because it was because the people who did not have the right to control the whole country .
It is thought that this is the origin of the Shinto ritual .
She is also called ' Hime ' because she is a daughter of God .
It is said that the gods of heaven and earth were originally male gods , but they were originally male gods .
There is a theory that the first half of the book was the Empress Jito and the second half of the book was the Empress Jito .
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , it was decided that , on the other hand , it was decided that , on the other hand , in the early stage of the Heian period , the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , the " Nihon Shoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , the " Nihon Shoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , and the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) , the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) , and the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) , which was completed in the early stage of the Buddhist invocation .
In addition to the above , there is a description in the " Engishiki " ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) that says that the gods of heaven and earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth and earth , the gods of earth , the gods of heaven and earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth and earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth and earth , and the gods of water and earth , are also included in this category .
There are two theories about the origin of the word , one is that it was created during the reign of Emperor Sujin , and the other is that it was created during the reign of Emperor Suizei , and the other is that it was created during the reign of Emperor Suizei .
It is said that , in the past , there was a custom in which people in the eastern part of Japan and people in the eastern part of Japan were forced to live in the same way as those in the western part of Japan .
The " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) also states that this is because of the fact that the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
The following is a summary of the incident .
645 : The Taika Reforms
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) was not enshrined in this shrine .
Ame no Murakumo no Tsurugi ' ( the sword of heaven ) was used .
The shrine is also known as the ' god of war . '
In the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , there is a description that " the shrine is located at the foot of Mt . Miwa , " and in the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , it is written that " the shrine is located at the foot of Mt . Miwa , " and in the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) , it is written that the shrine is located at the foot of the mountain , and in the " Engishiki " ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) , the shrine is located at the foot of the mountain . "
The clan was descended from the same ancestor as the Mononobe clan , and the clan was descended from the same ancestor as Ame no Minakanushi no Mikoto ( one of the gods in Japanese mythology ) .
He was a younger paternal half-brother of Empress Jingu .
672 : The Jinshin War occurred .
The name of the god ' is ' Ame no Minakanushi no Kami ' ( one of the gods in Japanese mythology ) and ' Ame no Minakanushi no Kami ' ( one of the gods in Japanese mythology ) .
In addition , there is a theory that the name of the god , ' Ama , ' ' Ama , ' ' Ama ' and ' Ama , ' is the same as the one in which the god is enshrined .
The shrine was founded in 1895 .
Amaterasu Omikami ' ( the Sun Goddess ) is a Shinto deity .
She was a goddess .
She was an empress of the Emperor Yuryaku , and was also a member of the same family .
In addition , the honorific title ' Tenno ' ( Emperor ) was also used .
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , it is said that the shrine was given the honorific title of honor by the Imperial Court , and that the shrine was named after the posthumous name of the god of the god of the moon , but the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) states that the shrine was named after the posthumous name of the god of the moon and the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) says that it was named after the place of the god of the moon .
In 1872 , he became a Shinto priest of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) and was enshrined at the Yasukuni-jinja Shrine .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , the sun god , and the moon god are the same god as those of other gods , and they are considered to be the same god as the same god as those of ' the sun god ' and ' the sun god ' and ' the sun god , ' and the two gods of ' the moon god , ' the sun god and the sun god , ' are considered to be the same god as those of ' the sun god ' and ' the sun god , ' and the two gods of ' the sun god , ' the sun god , ' the sun god and the sun god , ' and the two gods of ' the sun god , ' the sun god , ' the sun god and the sun god , the sun god , are considered to be the same god .
However , in the case of ' the theory of divine protection of the nation , ' there is a theory that says that it was because of the influence of Buddhism such as Buddhism , Buddhism , Taoism , and so on , and that it was decided that the Emperor might be placed under the protection of the Emperor , and that the Emperor should be placed under the protection of the Emperor .
When he was asked by his father , ' What do you think about the future ? ' and ' what do you think about the future of the country ? '
After the demise of Emperor Meiji , it was decided that the Imperial Throne should be returned to the original Emperor .
It is said that this was the beginning of the policy of the separation of Buddhism and Shintoism , and the fact that there was no official recognition of the Imperial Household Shinto .
Refer to State Shinto .
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , she was given a Buddhist name of ' Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi ' ( literally , ' Flower of Mt . Fuji ' ) by her mother .
It is said that the reason why the gods of heaven and earth were not separated was because of the fact that the gods of heaven and earth were not separated from each other , but because of the fact that the gods of heaven and earth were separated from each other .
In addition , there is no record of him being able to take part in the battle , so he was not able to make a comeback in the course of his life , and he was also involved in the negotiations with foreign countries .
Nara National Museum of Japanese History ( established in 1934 ) , which is said to have been the residence of Prince Shotoku .
The world of the dead is the world of the gods .
In addition , it is said that the world of ' heaven , earth , ' ' earth , ' ' earth , ' ' earth , ' and ' earth ' were created in order to avoid confusion between them .
Enshrined deities in the main shrine
The shrines that enshrine Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) are listed in the ' Engishiki ' ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) , and the shrines that enshrine Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) are located in the precincts of the shrine .
The Yasakani no magatama ( comma-shaped jewel ) is enshrined in the Three Shrines in the Imperial Court .
The shrines that enshrine the gods are listed in the Engishiki ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) .
The term " Tenka " was used to refer to the territory of the deceased .
He was also known as a man of high virtue .
( He was not allowed to wear a sword . )
They were originally a group of people living in the area .
In addition , in the medieval period , the term ' Samurai ' was used to refer to a person who was in charge of the administration of a province .
Shugo daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord as provincial constable ) during the Sengoku period ( period of warring states ) .
Sengoku daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) in the Sengoku period ( period of warring states ) ( Japan ) , who had the right to judge criminal cases , started to call themselves daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord ) .
In the Edo period , the post was given to daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) as a reward for their services in the Battle of Sekigahara .
Fudai daimyo ( a daimyo in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) with a stipend of 200 koku ( approximately 180 liters of crop yield ) .
In addition , the term " sengoku daimyo " ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) was used to refer to those who were engaged in trade with Spain and Portugal .
The history of the domain in the Edo period is as follows .
For more information , refer to the article of the Sengoku daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) .
Daimyo in the Edo period
In the Edo period , the family was entitled to the rank of daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and to the rank of daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and to the rank of daimyo ( feudal lord ) .
Fudai daimyo ( a daimyo in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) and hatamoto ( direct retainers of the bakufu , which is a form of Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) in the early Edo period , and after the Battle of Sekigahara , they were classified into two groups : one group , one group , one group , and one group , and one group , and one group , and one group , one group , which was one group , and one group , which was one group , and one group , which was one group , and one group , which was one group , and one group , which was one group , and one group , which was one group .
After the death of Shogun Hidetada TOKUGAWA , he was given the family name of Matsudaira by the Imperial Court and became a vassal of the Tokugawa Shogun family , and he was given the family name of Matsudaira from the Imperial Court and became a vassal of the Tokugawa family , receiving the title of Matsudaira from the Imperial Court , receiving the title of Ason ( second highest of the eight hereditary titles ) from the Imperial Court , receiving the title of Ason ( second highest of the eight hereditary titles ) from the Imperial Court , receiving the title of Ason ( second highest of the eight hereditary titles ) from the Imperial Court , receiving the title of Ason ( second highest of the eight hereditary titles ) .
In the same year , he was adopted by Ieyasu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Owari Domain , and became the second son of Ieyasu TOKUGAWA .
In the same year , he was appointed as a member of the Gotairo ( Council of Five Elders ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) as well as a member of the Gotairo ( Council of Five Elders ) of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , but later he became a member of the Gotairo ( Council of Five Elders ) of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) because he was a member of the Gotairo ( Council of Five Elders ) of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
In addition to the above , there were many cases in which the head family of the Asano clan , who were a tozama daimyo ( nonhereditary feudal lord ) in the Edo period , and the head family of the Asano clan , who were a tozama daimyo ( nonhereditary feudal lord ) in the Edo period , were punished by being deprived of their fief and deprived of their status and privileges , and the head family of the Asano clan , which was a branch family of the Mori clan , was given a fief of 100,000 koku in rice in Harima Province , and the head family of the Asano clan , who was a tozama daimyo ( nonhereditary feudal lord ) in the Edo period .
The military power of the clan was strengthened .
At the time of the Battle of Sekigahara , the Ii family was a branch family of the Tokugawa clan , and they were also a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
In addition , there was an incident in which a vassal who was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) .
In addition to the above , there were many cases in which the Mori clan , who served as the chief retainer of the Tokugawa family , was appointed as the lord of the Kokura Domain in Buzen Province , the lord of the Kokura Domain in Buzen Province , the lord of the Kokura Domain in Buzen Province , the lord of the Kokura Domain in Buzen Province , the lord of the Hiroshima Domain in Chikugo Province , and the lord of the Hiroshima Domain in Dewa Province , who served as the chief retainer of the Tokugawa family in the early Meiji period , and the Mori clan in the Edo period , both of whom served as the chief retainer of the Tokugawa family , as well as those who served as the chief retainer of the Tokugawa family , and those who served as the chief retainer of the Tokugawa family .
For example , in the case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the previous case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the previous case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the previous case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the Kaga domain of Kaga Domain , the Kaga Domain and the Kaga Domain of the Kaga Domain , the Kaga Domain , the Kaga Domain and the Kaga Domain , the Kaga Domain and the Kaga Domain , the Kaga Domain , they were
For details , please refer to the article on " The Family Tree of the Tokugawa Family . "
In addition to the above , there were many cases in which the land was confiscated by the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and the land was confiscated by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) as a result of the land survey by a daimyo ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
In addition , there were cases in which a village was divided into two or more units .
His territory was 10,000 koku , and his family was a branch family of the Ogasawara clan in Shimotsuke Province .
It is said that he was a descendant of the Ashikaga clan .
In addition , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) to build a new system of centralized government .
In addition , during the Edo period , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) prohibited the use of the guns , and the number of the guns rapidly increased .
It is also known as Buke Shohatto ( Laws for the Military Houses ) .
He was a member of Kizokuin ( the House of Peers ) and a viscount .
He was a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) who lived in castle town .
In addition , there is a tea room in the residence of the lord of the Mito Domain in Edo .
He was a vassal of the shogun family .
They were ordered by the Tokugawa shogunate to take care of the castle town and castle town .
In addition , there are some cases where a person is given a special privilege .
The Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) to construct a new castle in the western part of Japan .
It was a feudal retainer of the domain .
In addition , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to make a living by collecting money from wealthy merchants and merchants .
Daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) in charge of guarding the Imperial Palace .
Fushin fushin :
He went to the capital ( Kyoto ) as a merchant .
In addition , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered Daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) to make a pilgrimage to the shrine .
It is eaten with a small amount of water and is eaten with chopsticks .
It is also said that this is the best time to visit the shrine .
It is made from fish meat and meat .
In addition , he received a license to carry out a tea ceremony .
It is one of the dishes served by a daimyo ( feudal lord ) .
In addition , there is a description of a person who was in charge of making tofu ( bean curd ) , and a person who was in charge of making tofu ( bean curd ) .
It is made with white cloth .
In the early-modern times , the word ' manga ' was used to refer to the documents written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) or kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , which were written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) or kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
It was not until the Edo period that the word ' Kosode ' came to be used as a general noun .
In addition , there is a description in the section of ' History of Japan ' that says that ' in the Edo period , there was a custom of using two kinds of kanji ( Chinese characters ) for each of these two types of kanji , kanji ( Chinese characters ) and kanji ( Chinese characters ) for each of them , and kanji ( Chinese characters ) for each of these two types of kanji ( Chinese characters ) and kanji ( Chinese characters ) for each of them were used . '
From the beginning of the Edo period , the word ' manga ' came to be used as a general noun .
Shugo daimyo ( shugo , which were Japanese provincial military governors , that became daimyo , which were Japanese feudal lords )
Fudai daimyo ( a daimyo in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) and tozama daimyo ( nonhereditary feudal lord )
Han ( Domains )
Daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord )
