The Temple
Eisai ( Eisai ) : A priest who lived in the Kamakura period .
Soto sect .
He was commonly called as ' his first appearance . '
It is also called " Tenka . "
His shigo ( posthumous name ) was Daito Kokushi ( Priest ) , Zen master of Zen Buddhism .
He was also known as Dogen .
It is said that the custom of eating raw materials is to make the best use of the food in the summer .
It is said that the origin of the word ' Geta ' is the fact that the shape of the sun is similar to that of the sun .
His father was MINAMOTO no Akifusa , who was Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) and Naidaijin ( Minister of the Center ) , but he was not a descendant of the Ichijo family .
His father was FUJIWARA no Nobutaka , who was the former governor of Echizen Province , and his mother was a daughter of MINAMOTO no Yoshinaka , who was the former Kanpaku ( chief adviser to the Emperor ) , and he was also known as " Two Major Captain of the Left " ( according to another theory , he was the first son of FUJIWARA no Teika ) .
His father was MINAMOTO no Akifusa , who was Udaijin ( minister of the right ) .
His father , MINAMOTO no Sanetomo , died at the age of 39 , and he was called ' Two ' ( " Azuma Kagami " ) .
He was adopted by his uncle , FUJIWARA no Teika , and he was promoted to Gon Dainagon ( provisional chief councilor of state ) , but it is said that he died before his father , and therefore , it is not clear whether he was actually a descendant of the Kujo family or not .
There is a theory that he was a child of Shinran , but he was not a direct descendant of Shinran .
" The Book of the Gods " written by Sogi describes that ' the reason why the above is because of the influence of the Jodo Shinshu sect . '
In the same year , he entered into priesthood with his uncle , Masayoshi .
In the same year , he became a priest and was given the name of Tendai Daishi ( the highest title of the priest ) , and in 1191 , he became a priest .
He was a priest of the Tendai sect in Mt . Hiei and was appointed as Gon no Risshi ( a provisional rank in the lowest managerial position ) in 1175 .
In 1225 , he became a disciple of Priest Myoe of Tofuku-ji Temple in Kyoto .
In the same year , he went to China and studied under Daruma Sect founder , Ippen , at the age of 35 .
He was returned to Japan in 1212 .
In the same year , he founded Kosho-ji Temple in Yamashina Ward , Kyoto City .
After the incident , he was exiled to Mt . Hiei .
In December , he was appointed as the lord of Echizen Province by the Imperial Court in the same year , and he was transferred to the governor of Bizen Province .
The temple was originally located at the foot of Mt . Funaoka in Omi Province , and was called " Hirano no sho " ( the second highest rank for Buddhist priests ) , and was located at the foot of Mt . Ogura in Harima Province ( the present Miki , Miki City ) .
In 1602 , he founded Kosho-ji Temple in Izumi Province .
In the following year , he was renamed to Tofuku-ji Temple and became the chief priest of Tofuku-ji Temple .
He was appointed to the regent of Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and was also a priest and a younger brother of FUJIWARA no Yoritsune .
The temple was founded by Nichiren , and it was completed in the Kamakura period .
In the following year , he died at the age of 44 , and in the same year , he was sent to the care of his uncle , Soen ( who later became the chief priest of Tofuku-ji Temple in Kyoto ) , but he died at the age of 72 in Echigo Province .
It is said that he died of illness .
In the case of the Buddha 's sariras , the Buddha 's sariras are not only used to make the living things , but also are used to make the living things , and they are not used to make the living things , which is a new one , and are not used to make the living things , and are not used to make the living things , which is a new one .
It is said that the Nichiren sect had a lot of descriptions of the time and that the ' Lotus Sutra ' was written in the style of the Chinese characters .
The world of enlightenment is the world of Buddha .
The following is a phrase :
3 . All things are good .
He had a long life .
The color of a leaf and a leaf of a leaf
The people who are not allowed to enter the Buddhist priesthood are called " good people " and " evil people " .
The three treasures of Buddhism were Buddha 's teachings .
He was not only a master of Buddhism but also a master of Buddhism who was not able to go to the hell and died in the same year .
" Daruma Ron " ( a kind of Buddhist prayer )
" Nihon Koten Bungaku Taikei " ( Complete collection of Japanese literature , translated by Shokei SHIBATA ) ( published by Iwanami Shoten , 1999 )
" Nihon Koten Bungaku Zenshu " ( Complete collection of Japanese Literature , Volume 2 - published by Iwanami Shoten )
" Nihon Koten Bungaku Taikei " ( The Complete Works of Japanese Classic Literature , Volume 2 - Volume 2 ) ( Iwanami Shoten , 1974 )
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " ( translated by Shokei SHIBATA , translated by Shokei SHIBATA , published by Iwanami Shoten , 1993 )
" The Theory of the Gods and Earth " by Shokei SHIBATA , Iwanami Shoten , 1976
" Obaku Hatto " ( The Rules of the Obaku Sect )
" Kanjo " ( Buddhist mass )
" The Complete Works of the Old Man " ( edited by Shokei SHIBATA , published by Kodansha , 1979 )
" Shinsen Shojiroku " ( Newly Compiled Register of Clan Names and Titles of Nobility )
Dogen 's " Selected Biography of Priest Ippen "
" The Book of the Gods " by Shokei SHIBATA , 1993
" Shihon Bungaku Zenshu " ( Complete Works of Japanese Classic Literature ) ( Iwanami Shoten , 2006 )
" Commentary on the Pure Land " by Shokei SHIBATA , Iwanami Shoten , 1993
" Nihon Koten Bungaku Zenshu " ( The Complete Works of Japanese Classic Literature ) ( edited by Shokei SHIBATA , published by Kodansha Ltd . )
" Volume 1 " by Shokei SHIBATA , 1993
" Commentary on the Pure Land " written by Sogi , translated by Shokei in the eighth century
" Shihon Kokushi Taikei " ( The Complete Works of the Kokushi Kokushi ) by Shuho Myocho
List of books
" Selected Biography of Master Ikkyu " by Sogi
" The Complete Works of Taro " by Hajime ABE ( Iwanami Shoten )
Color on silk portrait of Muso Kokushi " inscribed by Sogi
" Bussetsu Muryoju-kyo " ( Sutra of the Buddha of the Buddha of the Buddha of the Present ) ( edited by Daito )
" Bussetsu Amida Buddha 's Pure Land " by Shokei SHIBATA Publishing Co . , Ltd . ( Kodansha Ltd . )
" Shihon Bungaku Zenshu " ( Complete Collection of Japanese Literature ) ( owned by Tokyo National Museum )
" Collection of Buddhist Scriptures " edited by Shokei SHIBATA , six volumes
" Bussetsu Muryoju-kyo Sutra " ( Sutra of Amida Buddha ) , " Shihon Chakushoku Chakushoku Chakushoku Chakushoku " ( The Sutra of the Buddha of the Pure Land ) ( important cultural property )
" The Complete Works of Mr. Ito " by Kaoru INOUE , published by Iwanami Shoten , Publishers , 2001
By Ryotaro SHIBA " Hana no Hi " ( The Road of the Cherry Blossoms ) , a novel by Ryotaro SHIBA
" The Story of Mr. Ito " by Kiyoshi WATANABE , published by Iwanami Shoten .
The original " The Story of Mr. Itagaki " was published by Iwanami Shoten Publishing Co . , Ltd .
" Shihon Kokushi Taikei " ( Selected Works of the Nichiren sect ) by Shokei SHIBATA
The Museum of Kyoto is a museum located at the intersection of the Kyoto Prefectural Government , and is located at the intersection of the Fukuchiyama Municipal Subway .
The company was founded as a result of the establishment of the new prefecture , and the first public entity in Japan was established in the city on March 27 , 1934 , and the second public exhibition of the facilities was held in the city of Kyoto , and the third public exhibition of the city was held in the city of Fukuchiyama on December 12 , 1934 .
In the wake of the division and privatization of JNR in 1987 , the station was designated as a JR West station .
The station is located in the premises of the Fukuchiyama Line , and the three facilities are currently used for the Fukuchiyama Line and the Fukuchiyama Line .
In the early Showa period , the company was using steam locomotives , but the company was stopped the operation because of the poor health condition .
The former was built in the precincts of the shrine , and the former was built in the ' Historical Museum of Modern Art , ' which was located in the vicinity of the station ; the latter was built in the city of Tokyo , and the latter was also moved in the ' Historical Museum of Historical Museum of Modern Art , ' which was located in the vicinity of the station ; the latter was also moved in the city of Osaka , and the latter was moved in the city of Osaka .
The steam locomotives used for the construction of new train-cars were not equipped with a steam locomotive , but with a steam locomotive ( model 80 ) .
The Museum of Kyoto , The Museum of Modern Art , is located at the north end of the street , and the building is now used as the second floor of the Museum Building and the Museum of Kyoto .
December 1 , 1934 : The first floor was made of wood , and the second floor was made of wood , and the third floor was made of wood .
In 2004 , the museum was designated as a special historic site .
The building was built in the same year as the main building of the former Kyoto National Museum , and the second floor was built in the same year , and the third floor was built in the same style as the main building of the former residence of the former lord of the domain , MINAMOTO no Yoshitsune .
The building was originally built in the area around the former site of the Kyoto Prefectural Government in 1914 , and was moved to the current place in the area between the main building and the main building of the Museum of Modern Art .
In the same year , the station was built as a facility for the purpose of preventing the collapse of the JNR , and in 1981 , the Kyoto Prefectural Government opened its first branch , which was the second oldest existing station in the city of Kyoto , with the exception of the Kyoto Station Building and the Kyoto Station Building being built on the second floor , and the second floor of the second floor of the station building , which was constructed on the second floor of the bridge , in 1996 , the second floor of the station house , which was built on the second floor of the bridge , was completed in the same year .
April , 1994 : Designated as a national important cultural property .
The museum is a museum with a total length of about three meters and a total of about three hundred and sixty five hundred thousand yen ( including the western style ) .
The total length of the steam locomotive was fixed in the following year , but the construction cost was reduced to three times the same as that of the steam locomotive , and the number of the steam locomotives was reduced to four in the same year ( the original size was two times the same as the original size of the steam locomotive ) .
The trains that arrive at and depart from Platform 3 are operated as ' Hakuto ' ( train ) , ' Hakuto ' ( train ) , ' Hakuto ' ( train ) and ' Daisen ' ( train ) , respectively , and the trains that run between Fukuchiyama and Amanohashidate are operated as ' Hakuto ' ( train ) .
The number of the cars is not fixed , and the operation of the cars is also operated with no conductor .
The museum is equipped with a steam locomotive , and the station building is equipped with a steam locomotive .
The station house was moved to the site of the former residence of the former Kyoto Prefectural Route 38 , and the new one was moved to the new one , and the new one was moved to the new one , and the new one was planted on the west side of the platform of the former Kyoto Prefectural Route 38 .
The area around the station is also a part of the area .
In the same year , the construction of the steam locomotives was completed and the facilities of the railway were transferred to the Japan National Railways .
Red Fuji
The name ' fusuma ' comes from the fact that the shape of ' fusuma ' was similar to ' fusuma ' ( Japanese sliding door ) .
In 2004 , the number of locomotives was changed from three to four , and in 2000 , the number of locomotives was changed from three to four ( manufactured by Togo & Co . , Ltd . ) .
The reason why the name of the office was abolished is as follows :
The number of the lights is about 180 ( the actual number of the lights is about 180 ) .
JNR steam locomotive Type 120
In 1932 , he made a hundred one hundred one hundred and ten thousand yen .
The company was given the additional rice price of the Hokkaido Railway Company .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
JNR / JR Kiha 80 series Shinkansen train-cars
In 1914 , he founded the Kawasaki factory .
The operation started with the opening of the freight line .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1991 , it was opened .
JNR / JR Kiha 40 Series Diesel Cars ( 200 )
1977 : The Maizuru Red Cross Hospital opened .
He was the governor of Kumamoto Prefecture .
In 1957 , the number of the letters was changed .
In 2002 , the museum opened in the spring of the same year , and the facility was completed .
JNR steam locomotive
In 1932 , he was employed as a engineering engineer .
The company purchased the site of the Mitsubishi Fuso Life Insurance Company .
In 1953 , the company was awarded the Special Measures for the Promotion of Local Train .
JNR steam locomotive Type 120 ( steam locomotive )
In 1934 , he was registered as a company of manufacture .
In 1902 , it was registered as a freight car .
The company bought the site of the Museum of Modern Art and moved the site to the site of the Matsumoto City Museum .
JNR steam locomotive ( steam locomotive )
In 1928 , he was made a JNR steam locomotive .
The construction work was completed in 1931 .
In the same year , he was involved in the construction of the Museum of Modern Art , Ltd . , and in 2000 , he was selected as the director of the Museum of Modern Art .
JNR steam locomotive
In 1934 , he was made a railway company manager .
The operation of the operation started .
In 1957 , the number of the letters was changed .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 ( 200 )
1932 : The company was established .
He was the second director of Osaka Railway Company .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series Kiha 80 ( second class car )
In 1934 , he was made a director of the engineering department .
He was transferred to the Sakura prefectural government .
Kaya Steam Locomotive
In 1938 , he was made a steam locomotive .
The operation of the operation was done by using Platform 1 .
In 1953 , the company was awarded the Special Measures for the Promotion of Local Train .
JNR steam locomotive
1944 : The company was founded .
The operation of this bus route was transferred to the Nara Line .
In 1957 , the number of the letters was changed .
JNR steam locomotive Type steam locomotive ( Type 1 )
In 1944 , he became a company 's second generation .
The former governor of Kumamoto Prefecture .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1949 , the company was reorganized .
JNR / JR Kiha 58 Series Diesel Car ( steam locomotive )
In 1944 , he was born .
It was transferred to the West Japan Railway Company in 1977 .
In 1949 , he was transferred to the Kinki Nippon Railway Company ( JR West ) and was registered as a member of the House of Representatives .
1997 : The station house was relocated to the site of the station .
The second generation , Type 1 type ( railway )
In 1944 , he was born .
The former site of the detached office of the Hokkaido Development Commission
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1949 , the company was reorganized .
Kaya Railway Co . , Ltd .
1944 : He was born .
The office was established as the office of the governor .
In 1957 , the number of the letters was changed .
Kaya Railway steam locomotive
In 1977 , he was employed at the Kawasaki factory .
The head office was located in the former site of Toyooka .
In 1953 , the company was awarded the Special Measures for the Promotion of Local Train .
Track gauge : 95 mm
In 1902 , he became the first director of the Railway Bureau of Railways , and in 2004 , he was transferred to the Hiroshima Prefectural Railway .
The former Oaza Yamada was incorporated into the Shiga Prefectural Agricultural School .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1949 , the company was reorganized .
JNR steam locomotive
In 1943 , the Second National Bank
The Hakodate branch office was established .
In 1957 , the number of the letters was changed .
Six color on paper images of pine trees
Landscape of a landscape
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum , Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum
Made by iron plate with a lead blade and a stone chamber
A pair of wooden bell ( two wooden bell )
Ink on a pair of white clay walls
SL steam locomotive ( No. 1 )
Picture of a willow tree
A pair of black ink paintings on a wall
2 color on wooden sword ( sliding screen )
JNR / JR Kiha 40 Series Diesel Cars
The number of seats is four .
JNR / JR Limited Express Series Kiha 200
A box lunch is available .
It is a bamboo tube that is used to make a sound when it is opened and is made of wood .
There is no toilet .
" History of 100 Years ' ( Fukuchiyama City Museum )
" Samurai " ( The Asahi Shimbun Company , Ltd . ) : 1974
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum
" The New Year 's Day " ( 1972 ) , a film produced by Daiei , was released in the early Showa period .
In 1997 , the museum opened with a steel roof and a glass bridge .
There are three ' restaurants ' : ' Second floor , ' ' Second floor , ' ' Second floor , ' and ' Second floor . '
" The Second World " ( directed by Hiroshi SUZUKI , published by Chuo Pictures in March 1998 )
" Nohgaku " is one of the traditional performing arts .
It is a Buddhist sutra used in Buddhist rites .
In China , it is called " origami " or " origami . "
The term " Shoin " is used in the following way :
The ancient Chinese calligraphic style calligraphy
The Four Books of Confucianism ( Buddhism ) , the Four Books of Confucianism ( Buddhism ) , the Four Books of Confucianism ( Buddhism ) , the Four Books of Confucianism ( Buddhism ) , and the Four Books of Confucianism ( Buddhism ) are included in the category of learning .
It was introduced into Japan and was used in the Buddhist religious services .
The first year of the Showa era was the year of the enthronement of Emperor Shomu , and the Chinese style was used for the construction of temples and shrines .
In the early Heian period , he was ordered to be the head priest of Tendai sect , and he was also active in the research of the three sutras of Buddhism .
In the Shingon sect , there are many other schools of Buddhism , such as the Tendai sect and the Tendai sect .
It is a Buddhist sutra that was not completed .
Therefore , he was not able to become a priest .
Later , the method of making a bow was introduced .
There are two types of schools of music , one is the art of warfare and the other is the art of warfare .
In addition , there is a practice of using only one character to make a sound , and in the case of the master 's disciple 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's books .
In addition , he also had a policy to protect the opponent from the conflict between the two .
They were not fully independent and have been inherited .
Tendai sect began to use the name of " Hokke sect . "
After the death of Saicho , he was also engaged in the construction of the Mahayana ordination hall and the Buddhist temple .
He was the founder of the Yuzu Nenbutsu sect .
In 1142 , he founded Kiyomizu-dera Temple in Uji City , Kyoto Prefecture .
It is a temple named ' Jingo-ji Temple ' and was originally named ' Shobo ' and was enshrined in the hall .
He was also a chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple and later became a chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple .
In addition , the Shijo school was established by the master craftsman and disciples of the temple .
Later , he moved to the temple .
He also introduced the technique of making a new sound .
In the past , the Tendai sect was established and the number of the people who were born in this period was fixed .
The Tendai sect , the Tendai sect , and the Tendai sect are collectively called the Three Pure Land sects .
In the past , the Shingon sect was founded by Kukai .
He was the master of the Esoteric Buddhism ( the Esoteric Buddhism ) and died two years later .
It is said that he was a disciple of Tendai Sect .
He also participated in the planning of the new building .
In the early-modern times , the following three people were active : the Daigo family , the Shichijo family , the Shichijo family , and the Shichijo family .
Shingon sect was abolished in the Edo period .
In the early-modern times , the Yamashina school and the Kongo school were integrated into one in the early modern period .
The temple is a grand head temple of the Tendai sect , and its principal image is the statue of the Eleven-faced Kannon ( National Treasure ) , the statue of the Five Great Wisdom Kings , the statue of the Five Great Wisdom Kings of Kyoto , the statue of the Five Great Wisdom Kings , the statue of the Five Great Wisdom Kings of Kyoto , and the statue of the Five Great Wisdom Kings of Kyoto .
The grand head temple is the Koyasan Shingon sect , and the head temple is the Koyasan Shingon sect , and the head temple is the Koyasan Shingon sect .
It was founded by the Rinzai sect .
In the same year , the temple was built by Hideyoshi TOYOTOMI , and in the same year , the temple was built by the Mori clan , the lord of the Aizu Domain , and the temple was built by the Mori clan .
It is also known as ' The Big Wisdom Sutra ' or ' The Great Wisdom Sutra . '
The Sennyu-ji school of the Shingon sect was founded by Shinjo ITO .
The founder was professor of Ritsumeikan University in Saga City .
In the same year , the temple was founded by the monk of Mt . Koya , and the temple was founded by MINAMOTO no Yoriie at the site of the temple .
Later , it was called Mt . Koya , and was called Mt . Koya or Mt . Koya .
It is also called " Geta " or " rin . "
In addition , the music is accompanied by music , music , and music , and is accompanied by the music of the koto and koto .
It is a kind of music that is popular in the middle of the song .
Emperor Tenchi
He was a member of the Imperial family .
Prince Otsu ( c . c . 671 - March 12 , 686 )
The first Emperor
His Japanese-style posthumous name was Ame no Murakumo no Tsurugi .
His original name was SUGAWARA no Sukune .
His childhood name was Prince Shotoku .
He was also called Prince Kusakabe .
The name ' Shotoku Taishi ' is used for the ' the second ' of the ' the Emperor . '
The main contents are as follows :
He was the second Prince of Emperor Jomei .
Empress Jito was the first daughter of Prince Kusakabe .
His mother was a daughter of Prince Kusakabe , Prince Kusakabe no Miko ( Prince Kusakabe ) .
SOGA no Emishi , who was the younger brother of Emperor Tenmu , was ordered to commit suicide by disembowelment and he was appointed as the successor to the Imperial Throne .
The Taika Reforms were called the Taika Reforms , and the Soga clan was called the Four Great Reformation of Japan .
The Emperor was also killed by the army of SOGA no Umako .
In the following year , he was ordered to go to Tang Dynasty China with his father , Emperor Jomei , and in 660 , he was ordered to go to Tang ( China ) .
In the following year , he was sent to Tang Dynasty China as a hostage , but he died in the battle at the residence of his father , Emperor Tenchi .
After Emperor Tenchi died in 1331 , he was sent to the Kyushu region , but he was not able to take part in the war and he was enthroned .
In addition , the following year , the Emishi / Ezo people who had been dispatched to the east of the lake were ordered to build a new system .
The twelve cap ranks were established in the same way as those of the twelve cap ranks .
In the year 702 , the name of the era was changed to ' Kogo ' and the number of years of the ancient Japanese age was also changed to ' Kogo . '
Emperor Tenchi was the first prince of Emperor Tenchi , and his enthronement was considered .
However , after Emperor Tenmu died , he was taken into custody by his uncle , Prince Oama ( Emperor Kobun ) and became the Emperor 's enemy .
Emperor Tenmu and Emperor Tenmu were the first to become the emperors .
Emperor Konin 's grandchild , Prince Obito ( later Emperor Konin ) , was born as the second son of Emperor Konin .
Prince Uji no Wakiiratsuko was the first prince of Emperor Tenmu , and he was also a man who was also a younger brother of Prince Otsu .
Brief Personal History
A.D. 585
Prince Shotoku ( later Emperor Shomu ) : He was formally installed as the Crown Prince on March 24 , 645 .
August 5 , 1870 : He was enthroned ( Emperor Junnin ) .
Emperor Tenchi ( his reign lasted from February 3 , 686 to March 5 , 1987 )
He died at the age of 56 on January 24 , 672 .
( The " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) says that he was not able to enter the priesthood , but he was killed in the battle of Uji River and was exiled to Oki . )
Emperor Tenchi 's reign lasted from the beginning to the beginning of the 20th century .
There are several theories about this .
Emperor Tenmu was deeply trusted by him .
There is a theory that says that he was a son of Emperor Tenchi , and that he was a son of Emperor Tenchi , and that he was also a son of Emperor Tenchi , and he was also a son of Emperor Shotoku , and he was also a prince of Emperor Tenmu .
The first case is the Emperor Tenmu who was not the Emperor Tenmu , and the second case is the Emperor Tenmu who died in the year of his enthronement .
The details of the battle are unknown , but it is said that many of them were written after the war .
There is a theory that says that he was ' a son of Emperor Tenchi ' and he was not able to take over the throne after his death , but he was given the title of Emperor , ' Emperor 's father , ' and he was also involved in the planning to make the Emperor 's Empress , Emperor 's mother , Emperor 's mother , ' and died at the age of 62 .
According to the genealogy , it was written by the Prince of Emperor Jinmu , and the Prince was born in 708 .
Emperor Tenmu was not the first Emperor , but he was the only Emperor who was not in the direct line of Emperor Tenmu , and he was the only Emperor who was in the line of Emperor Tenmu .
The remaining portion of the calendar was used for the first time .
The reason why the ' Nihonshoki ' was written is not only because of the lack of historical materials but also because of the lack of historical materials .
( ' Nihonshoki ' ( Chronicles of Japan ) )
Prince Naka no Oe was the prince of Emperor Tenchi , but he was assassinated by SOGA no Iruka .
There are also some theories that he was a member of the Imperial family or a member of the Soga clan after the incident .
Iruka was also killed by Prince Otsu .
It is said that the Emperor Tenmu ordered the compilation of the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , but the plan was not realized because of the lack of historical materials .
There is no doubt that the Emperor Tenchi was not a direct descendant of SOGA no Iruka , but a few other people including Kojiro YOSHIKAWA were against this .
There is a theory that Emperor Tenmu was a child of Emperor Tenmu .
There is a theory that says that he was a son of Emperor Tenchi , and that he was also a son of Emperor Tenchi , and he was also called ' the Prince of Empress . '
Although he was not able to make a comeback , he was ordered to make an effort to make his daughter , Princess Matsu marry Emperor Tenchi , and he was killed by the Soga clan , and therefore , he was ordered to make her marry to Prince Otomo ( later Emperor Tenmu ) , Prince Karu ( later Emperor Tenmu ) , but he was not able to have any children and was exiled to Sado Island .
Empress Jito was the first empress to have been the wife of Emperor Tenchi , but she died before the theory was adopted .
There is a theory that says that the Emperor Tenmu gave him the title of ' Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi ' ( the sword of the Chrysanthemum ) , which was a symbol of the Emperor Tenchi , and that the Emperor Tenmu was also ' Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi ' ( the sword of the Chrysanthemum ) .
There is a theory that says that the Emperor Tenmu was not a child , but a child of a ' child ' and a ' child ' from the same mother , Prince Otomo .
It is a very difficult task to understand the contents of the book , and it is difficult to understand the contents of the book and the contents of the book .
Poems
Manyoshu ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) contains poems by his son , Emperor Tenmu .
The first half of the book was written by Emperor Murakami , and the second half was written by Emperor .
The wind blows through the clouds , and the wind blows through the clouds .
In the Manyoshu ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) , his name appears as follows :
The Emperor , who was still alive , was afraid of the death of his wife , and he went to the east , and he also went to the east , and he was attacked by the enemy , and he was attacked by the enemy , and he was killed by the enemy .
The Sanjo family was a court noble of the Kanin line .
The Sanjo family was a branch of the Seiga family , which was descended from the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan .
The Sanjo family was a branch family of the Saionji family .
He was from the branch family of the Saionji clan in Iyo Province , and he was also called as ' Sanjo no daibu ' ( Master of the Palace Table ) .
The family crest is a circle with three leaves .
He was the second son of FUJIWARA no Ienari of the Kanin line of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan .
He was born as the legitimate son of the Retired Emperor Gotoba , and he was promoted to the rank of Jugoinoge ( Junior Fifth Rank , Lower Grade ) and appointed to be a close aide of the Emperor , but he was defeated in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi and was exiled to Sado Province due to the conflict with the powerful clans such as the Ichijo clan and the Ichijo clan .
The origin of the name of the temple is the residence of the Sasaki clan in Iwakura , Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City .
The name of the temple was originally the residence of the Ichijo family , which was located in the vicinity of the temple , and later it was converted to the temple of the Tendai sect .
After the death of MINAMOTO no Yoriie , the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was established , and the Ichijo family was also involved in the establishment of the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
Emperor Godaigo 's Prince , Imperial Prince Yasuhito , was his son and he became a priest of Ninna-ji Temple .
However , he was forced to leave the priesthood by his uncle , Emperor Godaigo , and he was appointed as the head of the family of the Southern Court .
After the death of his father , he was appointed as Rokuhara Tandai Kitakata ( Northern Chief of Rokuhara Tandai ) .
When the Emperor Godaigo died in the same year , he was ordered to kill himself by the Hojo clan , but he was persuaded by his uncle , FUJIWARA no Nagatoshi , and he was exiled to Oki Province ( the details of the incident are described in " Taiheiki " ( The Record of the Great Peace ) ) by the order of his uncle , FUJIWARA no Nagatoshi , who was a close aide of the Emperor Godaigo .
He was the second son of the Saionji family , who were the main branch of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan , and he was promoted to Sadaijin ( minister of the left ) in the same year .
The family business was calligraphy during the Edo period , and it was also the origin of the family business .
He was born as the second son of Tadataka HOSOKAWA , who was a close aide of the Emperor , and his mother was a daughter of Tadataka HOSOKAWA , who was a former lord of the domain , but he was later demoted to a new post ( according to " Kansei Choshu Shokafu " ( genealogies of vassals in the Edo bakufu ) ) , and he was later demoted to a new post ( according to " Kansei Choshu Shokafu " ( genealogies of vassals of the Tokugawa family ) ) , and was later demoted to a new post ( according to " Kansei Choshu Shokafu " ( genealogies of vassals of the Imperial Court ) ) .
He was a member of the House of Peers , and after the death of his father , he was promoted to Dainagon ( chief councilor of state ) and became a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) , and he was active as a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) , which was the first class of the House of Peers in Japan .
He was given the title of Baron by Emperor Meiji , and he was given the title of Baron , but he was not able to enter the priesthood because of his poor health , so he was not able to enter the priesthood , and he was active in the field of literature and literature .
Mt . Hiei is located in the border between Kyoto City and Fukui City , Shiga Prefecture .
The name of the street comes from the bridge over the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) in Mt . Funaoka in Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City , and the name of the street comes from the bridge in Mt . Takao in Kita Ward , Kyoto City .
It is located in Otsu City .
Kumano Sanzan Kengyo ( the highest title of the Buddhist temples ) , which was the highest rank of all the shrines and temples in the Kansai region , was founded by his father , and he also worked as a monk .
It is located in Higashiyama Ward , Kyoto City .
It is also known as Mt . Koya , Mt . Koya , and Mt . Koya .
Summary
It is located in the east of Mt . Hiei , and it is said that the temple was located in the east of Kyoto .
The shrine is also known as " Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi " ( literally , " Heavenly Sword of the Heavenly Sword " ) , and the shrine is located at the east foot of Mt . Miwa , which is also known as " Nihon Shoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
Kumano Gongen ( the highest god in Kumano ) , who was the chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple , was originally the god of water and was later transferred to the shrine , and was enshrined in the shrine as the guardian deity of the area .
The temple is located on the east side of the mountain , and the temple is also known as the place where people can enjoy the evening and evening and visit the temple .
It is located at the foot of Mt . Hiei , and at the foot of Mt . Hiei , it is located at the east end of the town , and at the foot of Mt . Hiei , it is also located at the east end of the town , and at the north end of the town , it is also located at the east end of the town , and at the north of the town , it is also located at the east end of the town .
In addition , the three sacred imperial treasures of the Imperial Family , including the one in Mt . Hiei , were burned down by fire during the battle and the one in the Imperial Palace was used as a base for the Imperial Court .
It is located on the east side of the Kyoto Prefectural Route 38 , and is also a mountain pass .
There are many people who visit the shrine on New Year 's Eve and the mountain path , and they can enjoy the use of their own cars .
The temple was built in the precincts of the temple , and the three stories of ' Koyo Paradise ' ( a story of a man walking over Mt . Hiei ) and ' Koyo Paradise ' ( a story of a man walking over Mt . Hiei ) were completed in the area in 2001 , and the building was completed in the same year .
On January 27 , 2000 , the site of the former residence of the Minister of Health and Welfare , Hiroshi IMAI , was burned down .
The Prince Shotoku 's Mausoleum
The temple was named Mt . Hiei , and the temple was named Mt . Hiei , and the temple was named Mt . Hiei , and the temple was called Mt . Hiei .
The temple is also known as ' Mt . Hiei ' and the temple is located at the east end of the mountain .
It is located in Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture , and is located in the same ward .
Mt . Hiei is located in the east of the capital , but it is said that the mountain is located in the west of the temple and the mountain is located in the south of the temple .
Cable Railway Co . , Ltd . , operates a station on the mountain , and is located at the foot of Mt . Hiei .
For example , ' Nishi no maru ' ( the bridge of the bridge ) , ' Nishi no Tachi ' ( the bridge of the bridge ) , ' Nishi no Tachi ' ( the bridge of the bridge ) , ' Nishi no Tachi ' ( the bridge of the bridge ) , and ' Nishi no Tachi ' ( the bridge of the bridge of the bridge ) are also included in the names of many places , but the names of places in which the Chinese characters of ' e ' ( the character of ' e ' is written ) are used are not found .
The temple 's name is also written as " Gosho " ( Mt . Koya ) , " Shin " ( New ) , " Shin " ( New ) and " Shin " ( New ) , and the temple is also known as " Shin ( New ) " ( the Pure Land ) , and the temple is also known as " Jodo ( Pure Land ) sect " and " Jodo Shinshu " ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) .
Features
Kurama-dera Temple , please enter the mountain .
It is a long and narrow road connecting the two areas .
This is also known as the Mt . Hiei mountain range .
Access
Hieizan Cable Cable Railway ( Sakamoto Cable Cable Cable Railway )
Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . ( Eizan Cable Cable Railway )
Eizan Electric Railway Co . , Ltd .
Mt . Hiei
Kyoto Prefectural Road 22 , Kyoto Prefectural Road 35 , Kyoto Prefectural Road 25
By bus : Take the bus or bus to Mt . Hiei .
Keihan Bus Co . , Ltd . , bound for Yamashina Station
Kyoto Bus Co . , Ltd . , Arashiyama Route ( bound for Arashiyama )
TV Asahi TV stations
Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture , is located in the south of the station .
The reason why the Nara Kotsu Bus Co . , Ltd . , uses the same body is because it is located in the opposite direction of the station .
Goro Sky Tower
This was broadcast on March 28 , 2001 .
Tower ( video ) : A video machine
Notes
The Kyoto Broadcasting System Company Limited , Limited , and the NHK Broadcasting Corporation Limited , Limited , which were both the main programs , were all burned down by the fire of Mt . Hiei , and the broadcasting station was used by the Asahi Broadcasting Corporation , and the broadcasting station was used by the Asahi Broadcasting Corporation , and the broadcasting station was used by the Asahi Broadcasting Corporation , and the broadcasting station was used by the Asahi Broadcasting Corporation , and the broadcasting station was used by the Asahi Broadcasting Corporation , Asahi Broadcasting Corporation , and Asahi Broadcasting Corporation .
The station is also a stop on the Tokaido Shinkansen , which is operated by the NHK Osaka Broadcasting System .
Route 11
During the Edo period , the Tokaido Road connecting Osaka and Fushimi was also known as the Nakasen-do Road .
This section describes the details of the events .
Hiroshige UTAGAWA 's " Hiroshige UTAGAWA " ( Hiroshige UTAGAWA 's Hiroshige UTAGAWA ) is exhibited at the museum .
A glass device for a vending machine .
( The following are the names of the bus stops in the daytime )
The Tokaido Shinkansen was a highway that ran in the Edo period and was called the ' main road . '
In addition , the famous cherry blossoms and cherry blossoms are planted in various places in Japan , and the fact that the temple is located in the center of the city is that it is a place where many people visited .
The name of the street is used in Kyoto , and in Osaka , the name of the street is used in Kyoto and Osaka .
The official name is Yamato .
The number of towns is two .
* The former system of local government is now abolished .
Nihonbashi ( Chuo Ward , Tokyo )
1 . The site of the residence of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA in Shinagawa Ward , Tokyo
1 . Nishi Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture
The location : Shimonoseki City , Kanagawa Prefecture ( Tanabata Matsuri )
The location : Aza Sakura , Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture
7 . Cherry blossoms ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Early April : Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
Route 25 : Bound for Mt . Fuji ( Minami Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
27 . Summer : Sumiyoshi Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture
Odawara City ( Odawara City ) : Odawara no Jin ( Summer Siege of Odawara )
Route 27 : Bound for Koga City , Tochigi Prefecture ( via Shima City )
35 . Shitenno-ji Temple ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
Numazu City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( 15 years old )
Route 22 : Bound for Shizuoka ( present-day Shizuoka City )
Early April : Festival ( held in Sakura City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
Sado City , Sado City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( former Sado Town )
The site of the castle : Aza Ono , Minami Ward , Nagoya City , Shizuoka Prefecture
Early April : ( Sunday ) Sakura City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( Present Naka Ward )
Early April : Spring Matsuri Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Osaka Prefecture )
Hamamatsu City ( Hamamatsu City ) : Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City
11 . Summer : Summer ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
11 . Kiso , Ota , Ota County , Shizuoka Prefecture ( Present Ota City )
35 . Summer : ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
35 . Summer : ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
Early April : Spring ( Minami Ward , Yokohama City ) ( Present day Sakura City )
Route 35 : Bound for Mt . Koya ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
Early April : Annual spring ( Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
Late August : Autumn Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
Late April : Autumn Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
35 . Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( Present Hamamatsu City )
Ogaki City , Gifu Prefecture ( former Ogaki City ) : Approximately 55 m
Sado City , Sado County , Sado Province ( Present Sado City )
35 . Kanazawa City ( Toyama Prefecture )
Route 7 : Bound for Mt . Atago ( Nagaoka City , Fukui Prefecture )
Higashi Maizuru ( Higashi Ward , Nagoya City )
Mt . Atago ( Minami Ward , Tokyo )
Route 27 : Bound for Mt . Inari ( Minami Ward , Nagoya City )
The third act : Mt . Atago ( Kita Ward , Osaka City )
24 . Kiso kaido ( located in Higashi Ward , Nagoya City )
Picture : Mt . Koya ( Gifu City ) *
The site of the residence : Mt . Inari ( Minami Ward , Nagoya City , Aichi Prefecture )
35 . Hamamatsu City ( Yawata City )
Higashi Koya-kaido , Minami Ward , Tokyo City ( Present Naka Ward )
Route No. 73 : Bound for Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture ( via Mie Prefecture )
Itsukushima-jinja Shrine ( Katano City , Osaka Prefecture ) : *
Higashi ( Minami Ward , Kobe City ) - Spring ( Minami Ward )
35 . Shitenno-ji Temple ( Minami Ward , Osaka City )
Location : Aza Yamada , Hino , Naka County , Mie Prefecture ( present-day , Ono City )
Location : Aza Higashi , Minami Ward , Sakai City ( Minami Ward , Osaka City )
Sakamoto ( Koka City , Shiga Prefecture )
Site : Aza Higashi , Nishi Ward , Osaka City
The site of the former residence of the Satsuma Domain ( located in Nishi Ward , Kobe City )
25 , Maibara City , Shiga Prefecture , post town
25 . Otsu City ( Shiga Prefecture )
Nijo Ohashi Bridge ( Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture )
According to the " Shin Hokke Ko " ( New Selection of the Lotus Sutra ) , he was born in the village of Takaoka in Yamato Province , and he was given the name of ' Jodo Shinshu ' by his father , who had been a priest at the temple , and he was given the title of ' Jodo Shinshu ' by Emperor to be a teacher of Jodo Shinshu Sect .
In the same year , the Osaka no Jin ( The Siege of Osaka ) was held in the vicinity of the Fushimi Castle .
The road is called the Old Tokaido Road or the Old Nakasen-do Road .
The street was once called the Tokaido Main Line , but when the street was extended to the east of the bridge , the street was changed to the Sanyo Expressway and the street to the west of the bridge to the west of the bridge to the east of the bridge .
The province was divided into two types .
The number of provinces was set at the beginning of the Taiho Ritsuryo ( Taiho Code ) .
The names of the places where the Tokaido Shinkansen was operated include the following :
The Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City ( the intersection with National Highway No. 24 )
32 Oyamazaki , Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture
35 Oyamazaki , Minami Ward , Osaka City , Osaka Prefecture
Route 27 : Bound for Osaka City ( via Fushimi Ward , Osaka City )
Higashi Koya-kaido Road ( Osaka City , Osaka Prefecture )
The location of the monument is at the boundary between Osaka and Takatsuki ( present-day Takatsuki City ) , Osaka Prefecture .
The author was a female writer of " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) .
The word ' Kosode ' is derived from the fact that the word ' Kosode ' ( a kind of Japanese lacquer sprinkled with gold or silver powder ) was used in the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) , and the word ' Kosode ' ( a kind of Japanese lacquer sprinkled with gold or silver powder ) was used in the " Zoku Hyakki Tsurezure Bukuro " ( a set of books compiled in the fourteenth century that records the lineages of the aristocracy ) .
Also known as " Murasaki Shikibu . "
The book was written by a poet and a poet , and the style of the literature was influenced by the historical fact that the literature was written in the style of the medieval Japanese literature .
It is a collection of anecdotes compiled by KAMO no Chomei and " Kokon Tsurezure Bukuro " ( A Collection of Tales Heard , Past and Present ) .
" The Book of the Sung Dynasty " written by Chu His contains a lot of descriptions of the past , but it is not clear whether it was written by a different author or not .
The author , FUJIWARA no Hoshi , was the author of " The Tale of Genji , " and when he was asked to serve at the Imperial Court to make an offering of paper , he answered , ' I am not sure if I am in fact in fact in fact in fact in the past , ' and he was asked to join the service of the Imperial Court , but later he was ordered to serve at the Imperial Court by the Emperor , FUJIWARA no Michinaga , who was close to him , and he was appointed to the position of Shikibu no Taifu ( Senior Assistant Minister of Ceremonial ) .
" The Tale of Genji " was written in black ink , and the two lines were cut off and put together in a thin , narrow wooden frame , and the two lines were cut off .
It is said that the word ' Kosode ' was used in the chapter .
The book was written by Takeshi UMEHARA and others , and the book was written by Takeshi UMEHARA and others .
The following is a list of the main characters .
" Poetry of the floating sun "
The main part is written in various ways such as the writing of the characters and the writing of the characters .
" Five hundred thousand characters "
The inscription
Other theories
However , this is not true .
In addition , the word ' Kosode ' appeared in " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) as an example of the above .
It was written by MINAMOTO no Mitsuyuki in the same year , and the following year , he was promoted to Chunagon ( vice-councilor of state ) .
It is said that he died in the year of the enthronement , but it is not known when he was in office .
The text of " The Tale of Genji " is a manuscript of " The Tale of Genji , " but it is not a manuscript of " The Tale of Genji . "
The most of the contents are unknown .
It is written in the following order .
It was written by FUJIWARA no Teika in 1200 .
It is said that the word ' fusuma ' was used for the sake of convenience .
Kikan IKEDA also used the following characters .
The first volume : ' The first half of the book ' and ' the second half of the book ' were lost .
The story is as follows :
The Imperial Household Archives , Book stock , and Archives
The second volume
Old genealogy of the Sanjonishi family : The manuscript owned by the Yomei Library , the Yomei Library , and the Yomei Library
She was the daughter of FUJIWARA no Michitsuna , and she was also known as the younger sister of FUJIWARA no Michitsuna ( one of the theories ) .
It was made in the late Kamakura period .
It is a complete version of the original text , which is a complete version of the original text , and is a part of the original .
The story is about 20 volumes in total .
Story of the scene
This is a form of ritual .
It is a manuscript of the Muromachi period .
It is said that he was given a gold seal by Hideyoshi TOYOTOMI and a silver stamp by his father , Masamoto , when he was in the possession of the temple .
It is one volume .
The contents of the story are as follows :
The Diary of Tosa Diary
The Emperor Chokei 's diary is said to have been written by Emperor Gomurakami .
It is held by the Imperial Household Agency .
It is a book of short stories .
The two types are used .
It is sometimes called a " V . "
It consists of six volumes .
It consists of two volumes .
It consists of three volumes .
The story consists of three volumes .
Volume 6
This is a form of ritual .
The Maeda family 's treasure is owned by the Maeda family in Kanazawa , Kanazawa .
The letter was written on the back of the paper , which was made by folding screens of gold and silver .
Important cultural property .
It is a manuscript of " The Tale of Genji " written in the early Kamakura period .
" Gunsho ruiju " ( Collection of historical documents compiled by Hokiichi HANAWA ) , " Gunsho ruiju " ( Collection of historical documents compiled by Hokiichi HANAWA ) , and " Gunsho ruiju " ( Collection of historical documents compiled by Hokiichi HANAWA ) are the materials of the same era .
The book was written by Murasaki Shikibu , and the book was written by Murasaki Shikibu , and the book was written by Murasaki Shikibu in the early Edo period .
However , the following year , in 1914 , the following year , the first edition of the " Nihon Shoki " was published by Iwanami Shoten , and the latter was published by Iwanami Shoten .
In the early Kamakura period , the picture scrolls were drawn in the right hand and the left hand , and the right side of the picture was drawn in the right hand .
The book consists of two volumes , and the book consists of a total of 36 chapters .
The ' Ten Quires of Uji ' are written in the style of a waka poem , and the ' The Tale of Genji ' contains a waka poem , which is written in the style of a poem , and the ' The Tale of Genji ' contains a poem , which is written in the style of a poem , and the ' The Tale of Genji , ' which is written in the style of a poem , and the ' The Tale of Genji , ' which is written in the style of a poem , and the ' The Tale of Genji , ' which is written in the style of a poem .
The ' Kumogakure ' chapter is a part of the chapter , but it is not included in the chapter .
He was a good example of his early death , but he was not interested in the poetry world , and he was also a good poet who was not allowed to enter the Imperial Palace , and he also had a good reputation for his outstanding talent in poetry , poems , and poems .
He also wrote ' The Tale of Genji ' and he made a great contribution to the development of new fields , making use of the technique of making poems and making poems .
Public evaluation
The story is a story of a person who has a free and free taste and has a free flavor .
The reason why the sound of the wind is not expressed in the right hand is that the sound of the wind is expressed in the left hand , the sound of the wind is expressed in the left hand , the sound of the wind is expressed in the left hand , the sound of the wind is expressed in the left hand , the sound of the wind is expressed in the right hand , the sound of the moon is expressed in the left hand , and the sound of the moon is expressed in the right hand .
In addition , the word ' manga ' ( a comic tanka ) is used in the following way : ' when people go to the capital , they are free , they are free , ' ' when they are caught in the mountains , ' when they are caught in the mountains , ' when they are caught in the mountains , ' when they are caught in the mountains , ' when they are caught in the mountains , ' when they are released in the mountains , ' when they are released , and ' when they are released in the mountains , ' when they are released in the mountains , they are used in the field of literature , and when they are used in the field of literature , they are used in the field of literature , and when they are used in the field of literature .
Teishi gave birth to a prince .
It is said that he was not only a child but also a child of Michinaga , who was in charge of the construction of the Imperial Palace .
It is not known when he became a priest , but it is said that he was not included in the category of " Okagami " ( the Great Mirror ) .
The Emperor was also a person who was deeply impressed by the fact that he was the first prince of the Emperor , and he was also a man of virtue who was a man of virtue ( according to " Shin Kokin Wakashu " ( New Collection of Ancient and Modern Japanese Poetry ) , he was the first prince of the Emperor . )
Public evaluation
The author , who was also a good wife , was surprised and asked her to make a poem .
However , the term " Kubo " is not used for all the other names .
Chugu ( Empress ) , ' ' Koto no naishi ' ( a court lady ) was the only one that was not included in the ' Koto no naishi ' ( a court lady ) .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the 13th shogun of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , was his last son .
The shogun 's retainer was also in Edo-jo Castle .
He was awarded the rank of Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) and the title of Sadaijin ( Minister of the Left ) .
He was a member of the Imperial family .
After the death of Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , he was appointed as the successor of the Tokugawa shogunate .
The following year , he was ordered to return to the Imperial Palace by the Emperor Meiji , but he was defeated by the army of the former Shogunate , and he was exiled to the Satsuma Domain , and then he was ordered to return to the Imperial Palace by the Emperor Meiji , which led to the fall of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
He was a man of great merit in the Meiji Restoration and he was promoted to the peerage after the war .
He was also called ' Lord of Mito ' or ' Lord of Owari ' in his novel " The Tale of Genji . "
The title of ' Roju ' was given to the Imperial Court in the Edo period .
He also wrote " The Book of the Gods " for example .
In addition , the name ' Ibaraki ' is used in the memorial services for the dead in Ibaraki Prefecture and Fukui Prefecture .
He was also a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east ' and was granted the name of ' Yoshinobu ' by his father , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
He was given the name of ' Yoshinobu ' by his father , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
In addition , there are many cases where the word ' manga ' is used to refer to the ' children 's song ' in the local area of Niigata Prefecture , and the fact that the ' children 's song ' is not used in the local community is not so popular in recent years .
He was also a member of the ' Red Cross Society ' and it is said that he was not only a mere ninja but also a member of the ' Red Cross Society ' which was a part of the ' Red Cross Society ' which was a part of the ' Red Cross Society ' which was a part of the ' Red Cross Society ' which was a part of the ' Red Cross Society ' which was a part of the ' Red Cross Society ' which was a part of the ' Red Cross Society . '
He was born as the fourth son of the lord of the domain , Iesada TOKUGAWA on November 27 , 1858 .
His lawful wife was the daughter of the 12th Shogun , Iemitsu TOKUGAWA .
There is a theory that he was a biological child of the lawful wife of Iemitsu TOKUGAWA , and he had a daughter named Kiku .
His childhood name was Goro .
He was the second son of a feudal retainer of the Owari clan , and he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) to study abroad , but he died suddenly at the age of 35 , so he was called ' the father of a feudal lord ' and was treated as a scholar of Japanese classical literature .
He was the heir of the family of his older brother , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , but he was not allowed to enter the priesthood because of his poor health .
On January 27 , 1864 , he was adopted by the Tokugawa family and became the lord of the domain .
On the same day , he was given the family name of Matsudaira by the Emperor , and he was adopted by the lord of the domain , Masahiro MAKINO .
He was promoted to Chunagon ( vice-councilor of state ) and was also involved in the assassination of Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , but he was forced to leave the domain because of his illness .
In the same year , he was promoted to the rank of Junii ( Junior Second Rank ) , and in the same year , he was assassinated by his uncle , Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , and in the same year , he died in the same year , and the following year , he was called ' the father of the Shogun , ' who was the successor of the Shogun , Ienari TOKUGAWA .
He was the heir of the lord of the domain , Yoshiatsu TOKUGAWA , and he was also a close adviser of the shogun , and he was also a younger brother of the lord of the domain , Naosuke II , and he was also a member of the House of Peers , and he was also a member of the House of Peers .
In the same year , he was ordered to take over the position of Shogun by the Shogunate , but he was forced to resign from the post because of his father 's death , and he was adopted by the lord of the domain , Naosuke II ( the lord of the domain , Naosuke II ) , and he was adopted by the lord of the domain , Naosuke II .
In the same year , the Imperial sanction for the subjugation of Korea was issued , and the name of ' Naosuke ' was changed to ' Naosuke . '
In the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) together with his lord , Naosuke II , and he was ordered to be the lord of the domain , and he was ordered to be the lord of the domain by the Imperial Court to be confined to his house in Kyoto .
He was not allowed to return to the service of the lord of the domain , but he was not allowed to do so because of his illness ( according to " The Diary of President , Tomomi IWAKURA " ) .
In 1861 , he was pardoned .
In the same year , he was appointed as a member of the Imperial Court Council , and in the same year , he was ordered to go to Kyoto with his older brother , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU ( the lord of the Satsuma Domain ) , and to go to Kyoto ( " Record of the Restoration of Imperial Rule " ) .
On March 18 , he was appointed as a member of the House of Peers by the recommendation of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
He was appointed as a member of the Gotairo ( Council of Five Elders ) and was forced to leave the capital Kyoto by the order of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and he was called the ' Lord of Aizu Domain , ' which was the predecessor of the Choshu Domain .
In the same year , he went to Kyoto with his father , Emperor Komei , to study under the guidance of the bakufu .
The Emperor was surprised and ordered him to leave the capital , but he was ordered to leave the capital and go back to his hometown , and he was called ' the best scholar of Japanese classical literature ' ( ' the second highest rank ' ) , which was the highest rank in the hierarchy of the court nobles , and he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) .
On January 18 , 1863 , he was ordered to go to Kyoto and to join the Sonno Joi Movement ( Movement advocating reverence for the Emperor and the expulsion of foreigners ) , and then he was appointed to be the president of the Tosa Domain , which was the political party of the Sonno Joi ( 19th century slogan advocating reverence for the Emperor and the expulsion of foreigners ) , and he was involved in the coup d 'etat .
However , he was not satisfied with the situation and he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his younger brother , Sanetomi SANJO , and his younger brother , Sanetomi SANJO , to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his three sons and two daughters , namely , ' the first two men , ' and ' the second , ' and the third , and the third , he also had a meeting with the lords of the domain , who were not allowed to go to the capital .
After the return of lands and people to the Emperor , he was appointed as the Military Governor of Kyoto , and he was appointed as the Deputy General of the Imperial Guard , along with his older brother , Katamori MATSUDAIRA , and Sadaaki MATSUDAIRA , the governor of the Owari Domain .
He was ordered to kill himself by the Tokugawa shogunate , and he was a member of the family of his older brother , Shintaro NAKAOKA , who was also a member of the clan , and he was also involved in the suppression of the war .
In the same year , he joined the army of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) led by Kinmochi SAIONJI , and in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi in 1864 , he was ordered to commit suicide .
After the fall of the bakufu , he was ordered to go to Kyoto and to go to study abroad ( the second conquest of Korea ) .
In 1868 , he was ordered to go to the front by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to attack the Satsuma Domain , but he was defeated by the army of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
However , the army of the bakufu was defeated by the army of Satsuma Domain and the army of bakufu was sent to the east .
On January 24 , 1866 , he was exiled to Sado Province after the Battle of Sekigahara .
The following year , the Emperor ordered the restoration of the imperial rule and the expulsion of foreigners .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , who was the heir , was forced to resign from the post .
On January 18 , 1867 , the Tokugawa family was allowed to have a portion of the real power .
On March 24 , 1868 , he was appointed as a member of the Council of State , but he was dismissed from the post because of the political change of the Shogunate .
This was because he was a person who was in charge of the affairs of state at the time .
He was appointed as a member of the committee of the navy , and he was appointed as a staff officer of the navy , and he was ordered to go to France , France , France , France , France , France , and France to study there .
He went to France to study under his uncle , and then he was appointed as a teacher at the University of Tokyo .
The Emperor ordered the construction of the new government to be planned .
On January 24 , 1864 , the Emperor ordered the Satsuma clan to stop the movement of the Imperial Court , but he did not accept the offer .
It is said that the Tokugawa Shogunate was afraid of the fact that the Imperial Court was able to keep the real power of the Imperial Court .
In March of the same year , he was appointed as the successor of the post of vice shogun , but he was dismissed from the post because of the political upheaval of the Shogunate , and he was exiled to Satsuma Province ( " Azuma Kagami " [ The Mirror of the East ] ) .
The Emperor , who had been ordered to go back to his hometown , and the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , who had been preparing for the peace treaty , decided to make peace with the Satsuma Domain , but he refused the proposal and he was forced to leave the government .
In 1868 , he went to Kyoto with his former retainers , including former vassals of the Tokugawa family , and went to the east .
However , he was ordered to leave the front line by Ieyasu TOKUGAWA and go to the front line , and he died in the battle on January 6 , 1600 .
The Imperial Prince Fushimi Sadanaru , who had been in charge of the defense of the Imperial Palace , was ordered to leave the front line , and he was ordered to go to the front line with his brother , Emperor Meiji .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , who was the successor of the family , was ordered to kill himself .
In March , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the order of the lord of the domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU .
He succeeded to the family headship of the head family of the Shimizu family , and he was adopted by the family of the 13th family head , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
He was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his father , and then he was ordered to go to the front with the army of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , but he was defeated by the army of the Satsuma Domain , and he was confined to the residence of Satsuma Domain , and was confined to the house of Satsuma Domain .
In August , he was transferred to the Nagoya Domain .
Mito Tokugawa family : Hitotsubashi Tokugawa family
Matsudaira ( Matsudaira ) family : branch family of the Matsudaira family .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA : president of the Privy Council
Toki no kata
Mito Tokugawa family ( lineage of chief retainers of Mito Tokugawa family )
Kotaro MOCHIZUKI
Takeo NAKAJIMA
Matsudaira Matsudaira
In January 1869 , he was released from the government post and died in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi .
After that , he was active in various fields including the art of warfare , the art of warfare , and the art of warfare .
In 1899 , he moved to Tokyo .
In the following year , he went to the Imperial Palace to study in the Imperial Palace .
In 1868 , he was raised to the peerage and became the head of the family .
In 1947 , he returned to the family and became the 13th leader of the family .
In 1914 , he died at the age of 83 .
He died at the age of 24 on the same day .
* Dates are in the old calendar .
In 1847
On December 9 , he succeeded to the family headship .
January 12 , 1867 : He was given the name of Matsudaira .
He was awarded the rank of Jusanmi ( Junior Third Rank ) and appointed as Gon Dainagon ( Provisional Major Counselor ) and Sakone no daisho ( Major Captain of the Left Division of Inner Palace Guards ) .
In December , he married a daughter of Sadaijin ( minister of the left ) , Masahiro TAKATSUKASA .
He was appointed Sangi ( councillor ) .
In 1858 , he became a successor to the shogun , Iesada TOKUGAWA .
In December , 1858 , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) and was placed under house arrest in the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
In March 1864 , he retired from the service .
1862
On November 9 , he succeeded to the family headship of the Matsudaira family .
On March 18 , he was appointed as Sessho ( regent ) .
January 28 , 1176 : He was transferred to Gon Chunagon ( Provisional Vice-Councilor of State ) .
In December of the same year , he was appointed as Kokuji goyogakari ( a general official of the Imperial Household in charge of State affairs ) .
1864
On March 24 , he resigned as Kurodo no to .
On March 18 , he resigned from the position of Sessho .
March 28 : He was appointed as the Deputy Commander of the Osaka Castle and the Deputy Commander of the Imperial Guards .
He fought in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi .
1866
On February 24 , he was appointed as Kyoto shoshidai .
On November 9 , he succeeded to the family headship .
January 28 , 1334 : He was appointed as Gon Dainagon ( provisional major counselor ) and was promoted to Junii ( Junior Second Rank ) and appointed as Ukone no daisho ( Major Captain of the Right Division of Inner Palace Guards ) .
On March 18 , he was appointed as Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) .
1867
In December , he was transferred to the position of Naidaijin ( minister of the center ) .
Retained his position as Ukone no daisho .
On December 24 , he was appointed as the next shogun .
On January 18 , he resigned from the position of Seii Taishogun .
On January 18 , 1864 , he was dismissed from the post .
On December 24 , 1869 , he was dismissed from his post .
January 7 , 1869 : Promoted to Junii ( Junior Second Rank ) .
On February 22 , 1897 , he was promoted to Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) .
On November 7 , 1897 , he was promoted to Juichii ( Junior First Rank ) .
On November 23 , 1887 , he moved to Tokyo .
On January 24 , 1868 , he was appointed as the Emperor Meiji 's first president .
On February 7 , 1901 , he was granted the title of marquis .
The family head of the Tokugawa family was called ' Matsudaira ' and the family head was called ' Matsudaira . '
December , 960 :
1908
On January 27 , 1868 , he was promoted to the rank of Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) and became a member of the House of Peers .
On December 28 , he retired .
He died on February 26 , 1903 at the age of 75 .
He was posthumously awarded the Grand Cordon of the Order of the Rising Sun .
He was a master of swordplay and was very popular among people , and he was also a master of Japanese archery at the time .
He was a master of swordplay and was given a special license of art in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi .
He was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the order of his father , but he was persuaded by the people of the domain to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) and he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) , and he was also ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
It is said that he was so impressed with the fact that he was killed by a sword and was put in a box with a picture of a ' blood ' and a ' blood ' on his back .
It is said that he was not only a member of the Imperial family but also a member of the first class of the first class , and he died in Tokyo .
It is said that he was forced to commit seppuku at the request of Emperor Komei .
He was a close aide of the shogun , and when he was young , he was asked by his father , ' What is your lord , ' and when he was asked by the lord of the domain , he answered ' what is your lord , ' and when he was asked by the lord of the domain , he answered ' what is your lord , how is your lord , how is your lord , how is your lord , how is your lord , how is your lord , how is your lord , how is your lord , how is , how is we doing that is , how is your lord , how is , how is that is , how is , how is , how is that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , that is , to
He was also a member of the ' Sonno Joi ' party ( the principle of excluding foreigners ) , but he was not involved in the assassination of his father , and he was also involved in the plan of the ' Joi ' ( 19th century slogan advocating reverence for the Emperor and the expulsion of foreigners ) .
Ieyasu TOKUGAWA was surprised at this . '
Ryoma SAKAMOTO , who was a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east , ' was also suspected of having been involved in the assassination of Emperor Meiji .
It is not necessary to make a request for the number of people who are not allowed to take care of .
He was appointed as Shogun , but he was forced to leave the government and go back to his hometown and become a priest .
However , he was assassinated by the Tokugawa shogunate in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi .
He was not only a member of the Shinsengumi but also a member of the first class in the Meiji Restoration .
He was ordered to commit suicide by disembowelment in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , and then he was ordered to be confined in the residence of the Matsudaira family in Osaka .
It is said that he was not very much trusted by the Emperor , but he was given a pardon by his lord , Ieyasu , and he was given a sword by his father , Tadayoshi .
However , the Tokugawa shogunate did not have any particular reason for the incident , and ordered the construction of new castles and temples , and the fact that the Tokugawa family was in a difficult situation in which the Tokugawa family was in a difficult situation in which the army was defeated by the army of bakufu , and that the Tokugawa family was in a difficult situation in which the army of the bakufu was in a difficult situation in which the army of the bakufu was in a difficult situation in which the army of the bakufu was in a difficult situation .
It is said that the reason why the Imperial Court gave up the idea of ' giving the impression of the Imperial Court a sword to the Imperial Court ' was because of the fact that the Shogunate had a strong political power in the past , and that the Imperial Court was afraid of the fact that the Imperial Court was afraid of the punishment of the Imperial Court and the shogunate , which was the enemy of the Imperial Court , and the shogunate , including his younger brother , Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Taruhito , and his younger brother , Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Taruhito , were also involved in the incident .
The reason why the Tokugawa Shogunate gave up the post of shogun was because of the great war , and because of this , the number of people who were involved in the war were reduced to one , and the number of people who were involved in the war were also increased .
He was a grand master of the martial art of the Tosa domain and was promoted to a viscount in the Meiji Restoration .
He was the first person to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) , and he was also a good friend of Yukichi FUKUZAWA , who was ' a good friend ' ( " Zoku narabini narabini kuge shohatto " [ a book of Japanese history compiled by Hokiichi HANAWA ] ) .
" The Book of Tea " was written by him .
It is said that the contents of the letter were quite different from those of other people who had been sent to the Imperial Court for a long time .
He was also a good friend of his father , but he was not satisfied with the situation and he was ordered to ' kill himself ' by the Imperial order of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
It is said that the second volume of " Dainihonshi " ( Great history of Japan ) was written by Saigo himself .
The Emperor Meiji was afraid that he would be able to make a decision to make a decision to make a decision to make a decision to make a proposal to the Imperial Prince , who was the first son of the Imperial Prince , Imperial Prince Kitashirakawanomiya Yoshihisa , the son of the Imperial Prince Fushiminomiya Kuniie .
The reason why the Mito Tokugawa family was allowed to have a portion of the body of the deceased was that the head priest of the temple , Fudo Myoo ( Acala , one of the Five Wisdom Kings ) , was buried in Zojo-ji Temple in Tokyo .
Emperor Komei was also said to have been the Emperor 's son ( according to " History of Japan " ) .
After the death of his lord , he was given a special treatment by Emperor Goyozei , and he was given a special pardon by saying , ' You should not be able to keep the eye on the enemy ' by his lord , Tadayoshi MATSUDAIRA .
He was also involved in the assassination of Emperor Goyozei , and the theory that he was involved in the assassination of Emperor Meiji was popular in the past , but the theory that he was involved in the assassination of Emperor Goshirakawa was not accepted .
His father , Goro HIRAYAMA , was a vassal of the Matsudaira family and he was a master of swordplay .
He was also a doctor who was not only a doctor but also a doctor who was also a doctor and a doctor who had a chance to go abroad , and he started to work in the field of English and English , and he also went to Europe to study in the United States and America to study in the United States .
He was also a skilled person who was not allowed to see the real water supply .
He was not so popular as a professional writer , but he was also involved in the publication .
It is said that he was not only a disciple of Shiki MASAOKA but also a disciple of Shiki MASAOKA , who was a member of the Asahi Shimbun Company , and he was also a member of the Asahi Shimbun Company .
He was a younger brother of Mitsukuni TOKUGAWA .
He was born as the second son of Emperor Gomizunoo on January 18 , 1849 .
He died at the age of 85 on January 6 , 1849 , and his real father , Daisuke , was also a farmer .
After the death of her husband , she was given the title of honor for the first time in Japan , and had only three times in total .
He had two sons , Prince Fushiminomiya Yoshihisa , and Prince Sadanaru , and he was raised to the peerage and became the second son of Prince Fushiminomiya Kuniie .
She was the wife of Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Takahito , and her younger sister was Princess Noriko .
He was the second son of Gon Dainagon ( provisional major counselor ) , Tadateru NIJO , and his wife was Masako ( daughter of Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Yorihito ) on November 16 , 1849 .
His wife was a daughter of Tadayoshi TODA ( a daughter of Tadayoshi TODA , a feudal retainer of Owari ) .
The third son : SHO ( died on May 26 , 1895 )
On January 18 , 1903 , he was born as the eldest son of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA and his wife , Sadako .
December 27 , 1902 : The first daughter of Emperor Meiji , Princess Kazunomiya , married into the family .
April 1 , 1864 : The first son of Masahiro MAKINO , who was the lord of the Tottori Domain and the second son of Masayoshi IKEDA .
The tenth son : SHO ( died on October 24 , 1945 )
Second daughter : Princess Masako ( December 26 , 1871 - August 26 , 2000 )
Imperial Prince Fushimi Sadanaru ( December 12 , 1864 - February 27 , 1931 ) was the ninth prince of Emperor Showa .
The tenth son : SHO ( October , 1868  April , 2001 )
The 11th daughter of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA : Princess Kazunomiya ( October 26 , 1866 - April 16 , 2001 )
December 12 , 1865 : He was the eldest son of the 11th head , Takeo ( a feudal retainer of the domain ) , Takeo ABE .
His oldest son was Kiyoshi KATAOKA ( the third son ) , a monk .
April 24 , 1869 : He was a baron and a baron .
The third son : SHO ( April 26 , 1852 - April 5 , 1938 )
The tenth son : SHO ( born in 1868 , died on May 16 , 1943 )
The third son : SHO ( born in April , 1840 , died on April 26 , 1902 )
Second son : Imperial Prince Fushimi Sadanaru ( December 12 , 1850 - April 16 , 1931 ) , and Third son : Army Major General : Third Class , Second Class
The eighth daughter : Masako ( born in October , 1930 - died on July 26 , 1993 )
Second son : Tadateru MATSUDAIRA ( October 27 , 1864  December 27 , 1993 )
The fourth daughter : Princess Akiko ( October 26 , 1864 - April 26 , 1974 ) was a member of the Imperial family .
Second son : Masahiro MAKINO ( December 26 , 1849 - December 27 , 1993 ) was a court noble and a member of the House of Peers .
August 1 , 1873 : The family of the deceased
The tenth son : SHO ( died on May 24 , 1895 )
The ninth son : Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ( October 12 , 1905  December 24 , 1945 )
On January 18 , 1873 , the Imperial family was demoted to the rank of baron .
Concubine : Princess Matsu ( daughter of Iesada TOKUGAWA )
Novels
" The Last Shogun Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA " ( written by Ryotaro SHIBA )
" The Last Shogun Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA "
Film
" The Last Man " by Ryotaro SHIBA , Year 2000
TV dramas
" NHK Taiga Drama " ( starring Ryotaro SHIBA )
" The Last Man in the Year " ( played by Koki KIMURA , starring Ken KIMURA , portrayed by Koki KIMURA )
" Onmyoji " ( NHK Taiga Drama ) , played by Ken SUZUKI ( played by Koki KATO )
" Onna " ( Woman ) ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Hiroshi WATANABE )
" Samurai " ( TV drama ) ( directed by Ryotaro SHIBA , starring Ken NAGAI , 1966 )
" The Last Man " ( 1955 , Shochiku Co . , Ltd . )
" Samurai " ( Samurai drama ) ( directed by Hiroshi SUZUKI , starring Ken SUZUKI , 1991 )
" Shin Kabuki no Kai " ( The True Stories of the Tokugawa Family ) written by Ryotaro SHIBA , Year 2006 , portrayed by Ken KIMURA
" The Last Man " ( TV drama series , starring Ken SUZUKI , starring Ken SUZUKI )
" The Last Sword " ( NHK Taiga drama series ) : played by Hiroshi WATANABE
" Samurai " ( Samurai drama ) ( directed by Hiroyuki KATO , starring Ken ISHIHARA ICHIKAWA , starring Ken ISHIHARA )
" NHK Taiga Drama " ( NHK Taiga Drama ) , played by Ken NAGAI
" The Last Sword " ( TV drama ) , by Koki KIMURA , 2006 , portrayed by Shochiku Co . , Ltd .
" The Last Man in the Geisha House " ( written by Kiyoshi HASEGAWA , published by Shochiku Co . , Ltd . ) , and " The Geisha in the Geisha House " ( directed by Kiyoshi HASEGAWA , published by Shochiku , starring Kiyoshi HASEGAWA )
" Samurai " ( TV drama ) directed by Ken KIMURA , starring Ken KIMURA
" NHK Taiga Drama " ( starring Ken KIMURA )
" The Story of Mr. Mr. Itagaki "
" The New York Times " ( The Paris Times )
NHK Taiga Drama " Ryoma ga Tsuji " ( The Last Ryoma SAKAMOTO ) ( NHK Taiga Drama )
...
Kyoto Station , located in Oaza Yamashina Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture , is a stop on the Sanin Main Line , which is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
The entire line is operated by the local government .
The line is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) , but it is also operated by the local trains that run from the direction of Kizu Station to the direction of Kizu Station .
The following are the special trains that run between Kyoto and Osaka .
The name ' Kitayama ' is used to refer to the situation in which people can enjoy the beautiful color of the sun .
West Japan Railway Company ( railway business operator )
Railway distance ( operating distance ) : 95 km
Track gauge : 160 mm
Number of stations : 6 ( including the starting and final stations )
Kyoto - JR Tozai Line / JR Tozai Line : between Kamo Station and Kamo Station
Electrified section : entire line ( direct current 600 V )
Track gauge : Automatic block system ( track automatic block system )
Automatic ticket vending machine
Operation section : Shin-Osaka General Operation Center
Design speed : 95 km / h ( exclusive speed : 95 km / h )
The station is located in the northern part of Kyoto Prefecture ( except for the case of the West Japan Railway Company ) .
The name of the station was given to the Kyoto Prefecture area , and the station was located in the northern part of Kyoto Prefecture , but it was not in the western part of Nara Prefecture .
The line between Kyoto and Yokohama was opened to traffic by extending the line between Nagoya and Nara , and the line between Nagoya and Kizu was opened to traffic .
Nara Line , which runs from east to west , runs from Osaka to Nara .
On January 24 , 1972 , the following was decided to be the " JR Kyoto Line " of the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) , and the line was also opened to traffic by the local public bodies .
Kintetsu Corporation also had a nickname ' Kasuga ' in Nara Prefecture .
The ' SL ' was the first class railway in Japan , and the ' SL ' was the first class train in the Kansai region .
The Kintetsu Kyoto Line runs through the southern part of Nara City , and the Kintetsu Nara Line runs through the southern part of the city .
The number of people who used to live in this area was increased to around two , but in the 1980s , the number of people who used to live in this area was increased to two , and in the case of the Nara Line , the Nara Line of the Kyoto Municipal Subway ( currently JR West ) and the Kintetsu Kyoto Line of the Kintetsu Corporation ( currently JR West ) , which were also discontinued .
However , the ' JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 113 ' was used for the purpose of preventing the increase in the number of passengers from entering the line , and the ' JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 113 ' was used for the operation of the ' JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series Suburban Train Series 113 ' between Osaka and Fukuchiyama .
The area around the station is a place where many people can enjoy the same life as those of Kyoto Prefecture and Nara Prefecture , and the area around the station is also a place where people can enjoy the same life .
However , the section between the east and west of the station is a national route , and the section between the east and west of the station is a national route for the Kyoto Municipal Subway , which is a route for the Kyoto Municipal Subway .
The Kyoto Municipal Transportation Bureau manages only the station , except for the stations in the northern part of Nara Prefecture .
ICOCA , Suica , TOICA and PiTaPa ( Surutto KANSAI Association ) cards can be used at all stations on the JR lines .
The station is located in the south of the station , and the ticket gate is located in the south .
In the past , the express train ran between Kyoto and Osaka , but in 2001 , the express train ' Kasuga ' and the express train ' Kasuga ' ran between Osaka and Shingu and ran between Osaka and Oji ( the former was changed to a local train and the latter was changed to a local train , and the former was changed to a local train and the latter was changed to a local train ) .
Local trains run on the Nara Line .
It is operated with a conductor on the Uji Line , and it is operated with a total of eight cars .
The nickname ' Biwako Express ' was given to the people who had been working at the same time .
In the Kansai region , the station is used as a base for the trains bound for Kyoto , and in the case of the Osaka Municipal Subway , it is used as a base for the trains bound for Nara .
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 221 , Limited Express Series 113
The maximum speed of the regular railway line is 120 km / h .
The number of passengers per hour from Kyoto to Nara is approximately 95 , and the number of people from Nara to Kyoto is approximately 95 .
The trains stop at this station and arrive at and depart from Platform 1 at Kyoto Station , while those bound for Kamo Station and arrive at and depart from Platform 2 at Platform 4 .
15 minutes walk from the east exit of the station .
History
March 1 , 2001 : The operation started .
March 15 , 2001 : The station was upgraded to a stop at which the trains stopped , and the trains stopped at this station were operated as rapid trains between Kyoto Station and Oji Station .
It is operated during the daytime .
It is operated between Uji Station and Tofukuji Station ( JR West ) .
The train sets are operated with six cars long , with the same number of cars running on the outer line .
It is operated with a conductor on the Uji Line , and it is operated with a total of eight cars .
Rapid trains run on the same track as rapid trains bound for Nara .
The name of the ' Uji Line ' was changed to ' Nara Line , ' and the number of passengers was increased to four in the morning and evening ( from March to March ) .
Rapid trains run between the east and west through the east .
It is operated during the morning rush hours .
The operation of the special rapid trains started at 6 : 30 on weekdays , and the operation was terminated on March 16 , 2006 .
The trains that arrive at and depart from Platform 4 at Kyoto Station are all operated as rapid trains , but they are also operated as rapid trains that run between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station on the same platform as rapid trains that run on the same platform .
The trains run between Kyoto and Akashi , and the trains are operated with eight cars long .
Rapid trains run between this station and JR Nanba Station .
The reason why the train schedule was changed was that the train was operated with the ' special rapid train ' running on the outer tracks in the morning and evening , and that the train was operated with the ' special rapid train ' running on the outer tracks of the outer tracks in the evening , and that the train was operated with the ' special rapid train ' running on the outer tracks of the outer tracks in the evening ( the first year of the year ) .
It is a station where the train stop ( Platform 4 ) for the trains bound for Uji .
It is operated between Kyoto and Nara / JR Nanba .
The number of trains operated per hour between Kyoto Station and Kyotanabe Station is approximately 95 per hour .
Train series 103 is used on the Keihanshin Local Line .
Rapid trains run between Kyoto and Oji and run on the same platform .
On the other hand , the Nara Line ( Yamatoji Line ) and the Sakurai Line ( Yamatoji Line ) were also opened to traffic on the same day .
Nara Line * all trains stop at this station .
In the ' Kasuga ' section of the JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 ( JNR / JR Limited Express Series 113 ) , the train was operated between Osaka and Amanohashidate in 1966 and between Osaka and Amanohashidate in 1966 .
In addition , the timetable was revised in March 2001 , and the operation of the special rapid train was extended to the JR West Suburban Train Series 113 ( the special rapid train was operated on the same route as the special rapid train ) .
The Nara Line and the Sanin Main Line run on the same track , but it is operated only between Kyoto Station and Shingu Station .
The number of passengers per day was increased to around ten in order to avoid the congestion of the Kyoto Municipal Subway Tozai Line , and the number of passengers was increased to four in the morning ( from March to March ) .
The trains run on the outer line .
The trains that arrive at and depart from Platform 3 and depart from Platform 3 , which are operated between Kyoto and Kobe , are operated as rapid trains .
The station was also closed in the same year .
In the following year , 1999 , the train ran between Osaka and Oji , and the train ran between Platform 4 and Platform 4 .
In addition , the trains of the JR West are also operated in the same way as those of other railways .
Nara Kotsu Bus Lines Co . , Ltd . , operates two round-trip services a day between Nara Station and Amanohashidate Station on the same day , and this station is called ' Nara Kotsu Shrine ' ( Nara Station ) .
It is Nara Line .
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 221
The trains are operated with six sets of cars , including the JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 207 and the JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 113 .
Local trains run between Kyoto and Shimonoseki , and the trains run between JR Nanba and JR Nanba .
The train cars of Series 113 are used for Platform 2 .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113
Local trains run between Kyoto and Shimonoseki , and they run only once a day ( eight cars ) .
The cars of the Series 3000 were transferred to the Osaka Loop Line .
The Kyoto Prefectural Road No. 22 , which ran from east to west , was the first line of the Kyoto Prefectural Route 22 .
In the same year , the section between Kyoto Station and Fushimi Station ( currently Yamato-Saidaiji Station ) was opened , and in the same year , the section between Kyoto Station and Higashi-Maizuru Station was opened to traffic by extending the line between Tokyo and Nara ( the line between Kyoto and Fushimi was called the Sanin Main Line ) .
The station was built as a temporary terminal for the Kyoto Municipal Subway Tozai Line .
November 12 , 1897 : The station opened as a facility of the Tokaido Main Line between Kyoto Station and Fushimi Station .
Inari Station commenced operation .
November 12 , 1897 : The station was inaugurated when the section between Kyoto and Nara ( currently Nara ) was opened .
Fushimi Station opened .
Keihan Kyoto Main Line
November 1 : The line between Iwakura Station and Mukomachi Station opened .
Station 's station opened .
November 1 , 1896 : The line between Shin-Kizu and Shin-Kizu ( Line ) opened .
JR Tozai Line : Rokujizo Station - Rokujizo Station - Uji Station
November 1 : The line between Kizu and Shin-Kizu ( between Kizu and Kizu ) was opened .
JR Tozai Line : Kusatsu Station
March 15 : The line between Kyoto and Matsue was extended to Nara and became a branch line .
April 1 : The station opened .
November 1 , 1897 : The station was renamed as Inari Station of the Nara Electric Railway .
April 1 , 1918 : The station opened .
October 1 : The passenger car was abolished ( with the operation of the freight train ) and the freight car was converted to a passenger car .
February 12 , 1905 : The Nara Railway was merged into Keihan Electric Railway .
October 1 , 1907 : The Kansai Railway Company was nationalized .
November 1 , 1897 : The station was inaugurated as a facility of Kyoto City Trams .
November 1 , 1895 : The line between Kyoto and Kizu was opened and the line between Kamo and Nara was opened .
March 12 , 1898 : The station opened when the section between Uji and Shin-Kizu was opened .
November 1 , 1897 : The station opened as a facility of Kyoto Line .
March 26 : The operation of the line between Kizu and Shin-Kizu was abolished .
November 12 , 1896 : The station was abolished .
March 12 , 1896 : The station was opened when the section between Tenmabashi and Kizu was opened .
November 12 : The line between Kyoto Station and Shin-Kizu Station ( via the Nara Line ) was opened .
The line between Fukakusa and Mukomachi ( opened to traffic ) was abolished .
The line between Nagoya and Fushimi ( Kyoto Prefecture ) was opened and the line between Inari and Shin-Kizu ( Nara ) was opened .
The line between Nishi-Maizuru and Nagao ( opened to traffic ) was opened .
March 1 , 1896 : The station was relocated to the south side of the station .
March 11 , 1902 : The station opened with the opening of the railway between Umekoji and Neyagawa .
The line between Kamo and Shin-Kizu was abolished .
November 1 , 1898 : The line between Omiya Station and Shin-Kizu Station opened .
Fushimi Station was abolished .
April 1 , 1930 : The unit of operation distance was changed from miles to meters ( from miles to chains  > chains ) .
March 1 , 1918 : The station was relocated to the south of the station by the train of the Maizuru Wakasa Expressway .
November 15 , 1928 : The station opened .
December 12 , 1928 : Hanazono Station opened .
November 1 , 2003 : The station opened .
April 1 , 1949 : The station opened .
March 1 , 1984 : The train was introduced .
March 1 , 1984 : The section between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station opened .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113
Nara Line ( Main Line ) : The line between Osaka Station and Gojo Station was changed to the line between Kamo Station and Nara Station .
April 1 , 1987 : The station became a facility of JR West due to the division and privatization of JNR .
Japan National Railways ( JNR ) started the operation of the railway .
March 1 , 2000 : The train operation started .
April 15 , 2002 : The station opened .
It is operated between Kyoto Station and Oji Station .
March 16 , 2000 : The train schedule was revised .
( JR Nanba Line and Yamatoji Line )
April 1 , 1997 : The station opened as a facility of the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
March 15 , 2000 : The station became a stop at which rapid trains stop .
March 15 , 2000 : The section between Tofukuji Station and Uji Station became a special rapid train .
JR Ogura Station
Rapid Service ' Kasuga ' : stop at every station on the JR Tozai Line .
March 15 : The rapid trains began making stops at every station between Takatsuki and Shichijo .
March 15 , 2001 : The station became a stop for rapid trains bound for Uji Station ( JR West ) and rapid trains bound for Uji Station .
JNR / JR Kiha 40 Series Diesel Cars was introduced .
March 12 , 2000 : The trains of the Suburban Train Series 207 began running between Kizu and Kyotanabe .
July 12 , 1977 : The construction of the new building was completed .
October 1 : The Kyoto - Sonobe section was opened .
The station was located at the east end of the JR Tozai Line , and the station was also located at the south end of the JR Tozai Line , but it was not changed .
The Keihan Main Line runs through the east side of the station , and the Keihan Uji Line runs through the south side of the station ( although there are some exceptions such as the Keihan Uji Line ) .
The section between Kyoto and Sonobe was electrified , and the section between Sonobe and Fukuchiyama was opened to traffic .
The special rapid trains that run between Kyoto and Kobe are operated as a special express train , but they were discontinued when they were operated on the same day .
The station house was moved to the Osaka Municipal Subway Tozai Line .
For details , refer to the article for Nara Electric Railway and JR Tozai Line .
The operation number of stations in Kyoto Prefecture is as follows :
Kyoto Station - Rokujizo Station - ( Station ) - ( Station ) - ( Station ) - ( Station ) - ( Station ) - ( Station ) - ( Station - ( Station ) - ( Station ) - ( Station ) - ( Station ) - ( Station - ( Station ) - ( Station ) - ( Station ) - ( Station ) - ( Station ) - ( Station ) - ( Station ) - ( Station ) - ( Station )
The operation number of stations in Kyoto Prefecture is as follows :
Number of stations : 32 ( including the starting point and terminal station )
The Maizuru Wakasa Expressway , located in the south of the city , is a highway bus stop on the National Route 162 , which is operated by Kyoto Prefectural Road No. 27 , Kyoto Prefectural Road No. 27 .
The area around the station is designated as a national zone .
The section between the two stations is under the control of National Route 24 , and the section between the two stations is under the control of National Route 24 .
The route from the south to the south via the Oyamazaki Interchange of the Meishin Expressway to the south via the Meishin Expressway .
The section between the east and west of the station is National Highway Route No. 24 , and between the east and west of the station is National Highway Route No. 9 , and between the east and west of the station and between the east and west of the station and between the two areas , between the two areas , between the east and west , between the two areas , between the east and west , between the two areas between the east and west , between the two areas between the east and west , between the east and west , between the two areas between the two areas , between the east and west , between the east and west , between the two areas between the two areas between the two areas and the west , between the two between the east and west , between the two between the two areas between the east and west and the west , between the section between the Hanshin Expressway and the Hanshin Expressway Route No. 8 Kyoto Tanba Expressway and between the Hanshin Expressway and the Hanshin Expressway ( Kyoto Tanba Expressway ) .
The construction of the new Kyoto Prefectural Road No. 22 Kyoto Line was completed , and the construction of the new Kyoto Outer Loop Expressway and the section between the two lines was completed .
The section between the east and west of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) was opened to traffic in National Route 24 .
The section between the Oyamazaki Interchange and the Oyamazaki Interchange is under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism .
The route buses and route buses are not available for the purpose of improving the route .
The route between the two stations is operated by the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism .
Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture : 44 km
Oyamazaki-cho , Otokuni-gun , Kyoto Prefecture
Approximately 10 km east of the tumulus
Road width : 2 lanes
Design speed : 95 km / h
June 12 , 2000 : The construction of the steam locomotive started .
Shiga Prefecture
Kyoto Prefecture
Uji City : Oyamazaki-cho , Otokuni-gun , Kyoto Prefecture
Meishin Expressway No. 8 Interchange - Meishin Expressway
Meishin Expressway - National Route 478 - Kyoto Minami Interchange
Oyamazaki Interchange - > Oyamazaki Interchange - > Oyamazaki Interchange
The section between the Interchange and the intersection is under construction .
The facilities are not open to the public .
Roads are operated by local municipalities unless otherwise specified .
West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) : Kusatsu Line
( The Kyoto Prefectural Road No. 8 Kyoto Higashi Line ) : The section between the Oyamazaki Interchange and the Oyamazaki Interchange is under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism .
October 12 , 2000 : The entire line between Kamo and Kizu was opened .
November 1 , 2000 : The entire line was opened .
The construction of the new Shinkansen line was completed and the construction of the new line was started .
November 1 , 1898 : The entire line between Oyamazaki and Oyamazaki opened .
November 1 , 2000 : The station opened .
Fiscal year 2005 : Fiscal year 2005 : Fiscal year 2005 Traffic Volume ( numbers )
Oyamazaki Interchange - Oyamazaki Interchange
The section between the east and west of the station is under construction , and the section between the east and west is under construction for the first time .
The company produced a TV commercial " Red Cross Film " at the entrance of the station .
The section between the east and west of the station is under construction , and the section between the east and west is under construction for the section between the two lines .
The route buses run through the city , and the route buses run through the city ; however , the route buses run through the city ( except for the route buses bound for the city ) and the bus stops at the station .
The section between Shichijo Station and Nikenchaya Station was elevated , and the section between the two stations was elevated .
The route between the two stations is a route to the south of the Tokaido Main Line and the Meishin Expressway .
The route is not so easy as to go through the mountain , and there are many routes that go through the mountain and the mountain .
National Route 1 is a narrow road .
The route to the south of the station is Kyoto Prefectural Road No. 81 , and the route to the south is Osaka Prefectural Road No. 81 .
The section north of the intersection is opened .
The road is also wide enough to cover the entire section between the east and west of the station .
The road is narrow , but it is a road which is easy to drive due to the lack of water .
Uji City ( Uji City ) : Uji City ( the intersection with Kyoto Prefectural Road No. 73 )
Kumiyama Town Office ( Kyoto Prefecture )
The upper side is considered the upper portion .
The left is on the left and right side is on the right .
Fiscal year 2005 : Fiscal year 2005 : Fiscal year 2005 Traffic Volume ( numbers )
2 chome , Seika-cho , Soraku-gun
Kumiyama Town Hall - Yawata City Hall
Kizu Regional Development Bureau ( Shiga Prefecture ) : The Kinki Regional Transport Bureau
Kyoto Prefectural Road No. 22 Kyoto Road No. 8 Kyoto Road ( Kyoto Prefectural Road No. 22 Kyoto Road )
Kyoto Prefectural Road No. 22 , Kyoto Prefectural Road No. 27 , Route No. 27 , Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism
Higashi Hongan-ji Temple ( Kyoto City ) - Built in the city of Kyoto .
The temple is called the Jodo Shinshu sect , and the Shinshu sect Otani school of the Shinshu sect , which is called the Shinshu sect , is called the Shinshu sect , and the Shinshu sect of the Shinshu sect , which is called the Shinshu sect .
In the same year , the formal name of the temple was changed to ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple ' and the formal name of the temple was changed to ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple . '
The name of the street comes from the fact that the street is called ' Nishi Shichijo ' in Kyoto City .
( The history of Hongan-ji Temple is described later . )
In the same year , the eighth chief priest of Nishi Hongan-ji Temple , Kyonyo ( Jodo Shinshu sect ) , was given the land of 20,000 koku in Higashi Otani in Kyoto by Ieyasu TOKUGAWA .
The name of the street comes from the fact that the street was extended from the east to the west of Higashiyama Ward , Kyoto City , to the east of Higashiyama Ward .
In 1941 , the following two schools were integrated into one sect , and the Jodo Shinshu sect was divided into two schools .
The temple was originally called ' Kosho-ji Temple ' but later became a place where the Jodo Shinshu sect and the founder of the sect , Shinran , was also sent to the temple and became a priest .
The name of the school is derived from the fact that the school is not included in the religious community , but is also included in the religious community .
See the details of the uprising .
The temple was built in the Edo period , and the temple 's treasures were painted in the style of ' black ink painting ' and ' black ink painting ' , but the temple 's buildings were destroyed by fire during the war and the temple 's buildings were rebuilt in the Meiji period .
The main hall is a miniature temple that was rebuilt in the early Showa period .
It is the gate of Nanzen-ji Temple .
The " Seishi Bosatsu Zenshu " ( Collection of the Buddhist Scriptures ) is a collection of the collection of the National Museum of Japanese Literature .
The area is a residential district , and is designated as a World Heritage Site .
Otani University is the second generation .
National Treasure
Important Cultural Properties
Walk from Kyoto City Subway Tozai Line ( Walk from Tofukuji Station )
University
Otani University
Kyoto Koka Women 's University
Otani University
Junior high school
Osaka University of Art
Osaka Music School
Osaka Women 's University
Myoren-ji Temple ( Maizuru City )
Kyoto Prefectural First Higher School of Agriculture and Forestry ( old education system ) was established .
It is abbreviated as ' ki ' .
He was the first president of Doshisha University .
In 1871 , he became a professor at Osaka Prefectural University .
The operation of the train was changed to the express train .
1870 : The School of Medicine was renamed as the School of Medicine .
The 4th university district chief ( in 1870 )
In 1886 : The Fourth temporary teacher training school , temporary teacher training school , attached to the University of Tokyo
In 1880 , he became the professor of Osaka Prefectural School of Foreign Languages .
In 1898 , he became a professor at Osaka Prefectural University .
In 1880 , he became Osaka Prefectural Junior High School .
In 1886 , he became a professor at the Third Higher School of Japan , and then became a teacher at the Third Higher Middle School .
In 1890 , he became a professor at the University of Tokyo , and then he became a professor at the University of Tokyo .
The school was renamed as Faculty of Medicine .
In 1890 , he moved to the former residence of the former lord of the domain of Yamashiro ( current Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City ) , and then to the new residence of the former governor of Osaka Prefecture .
Faculty of Economics was established .
In 1891 , he became a professor at the Third Higher School .
The school was renamed as the Faculty of Medicine , and the school was closed .
It was a library .
In 1890 , he was transferred to the Department of Political Science of Kyoto Imperial University ( current Faculty of Letters ) .
The Faculty of Law was established ( the current Faculty of Law was established in the same year ) .
In 1898 , he became a professor at the Faculty of Medicine , University of Tokyo .
In 1949 , the Kyoto University of Education was established , and the Kyoto University of Education was established as a private university under the new system .
The school was reorganized into a regular course in the following year , and in 1949 , it was reorganized into a regular course .
In 1949 , the school was renamed as Doshisha Junior High School .
Graduate School of Social Welfare was established in 2001 .
2007 : The Faculty of Social Studies was established .
Faculty of Commerce was abolished .
Faculty of Social Studies and Faculty of Social Studies were established in 1997 .
Refer to the article on " Education . "
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is a Shinto deity .
The shrine is also known as ' Ame no Minakanushi no Kami ' ( the god of heaven ) , which was the highest god in Japan .
The Imperial Family is also known as the god of war .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is the same deity as " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) .
It is also called Ame no Minakanushi no Mikoto .
The " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) describes that the ' Amaterasu Omikami ' is the sun god .
It is said that the only thing that he had was born is that of a god .
The " Kojiki " ( Records of Ancient Matters ) describes that the Emperor ordered that he should be the head of the family , and that he should be the head of the family , and that the Emperor should be the head of the family , and that the Emperor should be the head of the family , and that the Emperor should be the head of the family , and that the Emperor should be the head of the three sacred treasures , the sword , the sword , and the jewel .
The Three Sacred Treasures of the Imperial Family are enshrined together with the Yata no Kagami ( the mirror ) , which is the Imperial Yata no Kagami ( the mirror ) , and the Yata no Kagami ( the mirror ) , which is the Imperial Throne , is enshrined together with the Yata no Kagami ( the mirror ) .
The original text of " Kojiki " was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
The origin of the word is unknown .
Mythology
The first appearance of the book was that of the god of fire , Izanagi no mikoto , who was born from the same mother , was killed by fire and was sent to the world .
He was born between Izanagi and Izanami , and his right eye was called ' Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi ' ( literally , the sword of the Heavenly Sword ) .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) was ordered to go to the east .
Izanagi went to the land of the dead , and then he was ordered to go to the land of the dead , but he was killed by his older brother , Susanoo .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) was ordered to go to the east of the country to take the opportunity to go to the east , but he was persuaded by her older brother , Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , and he was ordered to go to the east of the country to go to the east of the country .
Susano was born between the two gods , but he was given a special treatment by the gods of heaven and earth because he was born between the two gods of heaven and earth .
The first appearance of the god is the scene of the birth of the god , Amaterasu Omikami .
Amenokoyane no Mikoto
Amenohohi ( a god who appears in the Kojiki )
Administrative instrument
Saigu ( Imperial Table Office )
Yamatohime no Mikoto
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) was ordered to go to the east of the cave to take the opportunity to get rid of her , and she was also involved in the conflict between the two .
The world is peaceful and it is easy to find out about the life of a god .
However , he was ordered to go to the east by Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , and he was ordered to go to the west by Susanoo ( the god of wisdom and talent ) , and then he was ordered to go to the east by Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , who was a deity of the sea , and to go to the east by Susanoo ( the god of wisdom and talent ) .
He was sent to Ashihara no Nakatsukuni ( the Central Land of Reed Plains ) to ask for help .
Susanoo , who was born as a child of Amaterasu , went back to his hometown , and he went back to his country after he finished his life .
Commentary
The reason why he was given the title of god is that he was not only a god but also a god of the sea and a god of water , and that he was involved in the planning of the plan to overthrow the Shogunate .
It is considered that the ancient Shinto priests were also included in the category of gods .
The name ' Kami ' comes from the fact that the wife of a person who has ' go ' ( a unit of measurement ) .
It is said that the god of music was originally from the east , but the god of music was from the west , and the god of music was from the west .
The first case of the theory of the origin of the Imperial Family is that the Empress Jito was a daughter of the Emperor Tenmu , and the second case was a female .
The ' Chapter of History of Japan ' states that the ' divine mirror ' was made by combining the ' mirror and the ' mirror ' which was made by combining the ' mirror and the ' mirror ' which was made by combining the ' mirror and the ' mirror ' which was made by combining the ' mirror and the ' mirror ' which was made by combining the ' mirror and the ' mirror ' which was made by combining the ' mirror and the ' mirror ' which was made by combining the ' mirror and the ' mirror ' which was made by combining the ' mirror and the ' mirror ' which was made by combining the ' into the ' mirror ' in the early part of the eighth century .
The main building of the shrine is also called the " Inner Shrine " or " Outer Shrine " and the " Outer Shrine " and the " Outer Shrine " and the " Outer Shrine " are " Rice , " and the gods of the shrine are " Rice , " " White , " " White , " " White , " " White , " and " White , " and " White , " and " White , " and " White , " are " White , " and " White , " and " White , " are " White , " and " White , " and " White , " are " White " and " White " respectively .
The oldest record of the family tree is that of the family tree of the gods , which was created in the same year , and the family tree of the gods of heaven and earth was created in the same manner as the one in the same period .
It is said that the reason why the Japanese archipelago was changed was because of the influence of the Chinese continent , and the number of people who lived there was increased by the introduction of the Chinese character of " ki " ( ki ) .
The " Kojiki " ( Records of Ancient Matters ) also states that the Emperor Tenmu had a certain degree of influence on this .
The following is the summary of the incident .
645 : The Taika Reforms
The Imperial family had no empress in the era of Emperor Sujin .
The sun ' is the sun god .
The shrine is also known as ' Hime no Mikoto . '
The shrine 's name is written as ' Literature of the East ' in Chinese characters as well as ' Literature of the West ' in Chinese characters , and the shrine 's name is written as ' Omiya ' or ' Omiya ' in Chinese characters as well as ' Omiya ' in kanji characters .
The clan was descended from the same clan as the Mononobe clan , and the clan was descended from the same ancestor as the Ame no Murakumo no Tsurugi ( the sword ) .
He was a younger brother of Emperor Ojin and his wife .
672 : The Jinshin War broke out .
The word ' Tenjin ' ( god ) is a word that means ' a male god ' and ' a female god ' in the text .
The name of the god of wealth is also written as ' Ten no Kami ' and it is said that the god of wealth is the same as that of the god of wealth .
In 1871 :
Amaterasu Omikami ' is a ' sun god . '
She was a goddess .
She was a goddess of the sun goddess and was also a member of the Imperial Family .
The title ' Tenno ' was also used for ' Shiki ' ( the Emperor ) .
The name ' Kuni ' ( in kanji , ' jo ' ) is a name of a place where the author of " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , who was a member of the Imperial family , died in the year of the enthronement , and the name of the era was changed to ' Engi ' ( in kanji , ' ki ' is a Chinese character ) , which was used in the Kojiki ( Records of Ancient Matters ) and Nihonshoki ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
In 1872 , he was enshrined in the Shinto shrine of the State Shinto Shrine , and he was involved in the movement to restore the shrine .
The following are the names of gods that were given to the gods of heaven and earth , and the fact that the gods of heaven and earth were given to the gods of earth and earth by the Emperor was the origin of the word ' Shinto ' ( ' Shinto ' in Japanese ) , and that the gods of heaven and earth were given to the gods of earth and earth , and that the gods of earth were given to the gods of earth and earth , and that the gods of earth were given to the gods of earth and earth , in addition to the fact that the gods of earth and earth were given to the deities of earth , the ' Shinto kami ' ( Shinto ) of the gods ' and ' Buddha ' ( ' Shinto ) of the gods of the sun and earth , respectively , the ' and ' ( ' Buddhism ' in Japanese ) of the gods of the sun and the sun , the god of which were given to the gods of the sun and earth , respectively , the ' ( '
However , the Emperor was afraid of the ' divine protection of the nation , ' and ordered the creation of a ' divine spirit ' ( Shinto ) , such as the statue of Buddha , the statue of Buddha , and the statue of Buddha , such as the statue of Buddha , which was the guardian of the Emperor , to be enshrined .
He was so disappointed that he made a comeback by saying , ' I am going to the east , ' and he was afraid of the decline of the power of the Imperial Court , ' and he went to the west with his brother , FUJIWARA no Kamatari .
After the demise of Emperor Meiji , the Imperial Court was afraid of the fact that the Imperial Family was ruined and the Imperial Family was restored .
It is said that the government was not able to keep the traditional culture of the time , and that the government was trying to keep the traditional religion of the time .
Refer to the article on Shinto shrines .
The name of ' Saigyo ' appears in the waka poem by a woman .
The reason why the name ' Ama ' was used in the Imperial Court was because of the fact that the ' Ama ' was not used in the Imperial Court , but because of the fact that the ' Ama ' was used in the Imperial Court , it was considered to be a symbol of the ' Ame no Murakumo no Tsurugi ' ( the sword ) .
He was not only a mere editor but also a director of the same book and was also involved in the incident , which resulted in the end of the incident .
The temple was founded in 1928 by Emperor Meiji and is commonly called ' The Statue of Mr. Wani ' in the city of Nara .
The world of the gods is the world of the gods .
The ' Kojiki ' ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and ' Nihonshoki ' ( Chronicles of Japan ) were created by combining the ' earth ' and ' earth , ' and the ' earth ' was created by combining the ' earth ' and ' earth . '
Enshrined deity of the shrine
The shrine is also known as ' Kasuga Taisha Shrine ' and is one of the few shrines that enshrine Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) in the Imperial Household Agency .
The Yata no Kagami ( the mirror ) is enshrined in the Imperial Court as the shintai ( an object of worship housed in a Shinto shrine and believed to contain the spirit of a deity ) of the Yata no Kagami ( the Heavenly Mirror ) .
The most important shrine in Japan is the Ise-jingu Shrine , and the shrine is dedicated to the god of water .
" Tenka " ( the way of the samurai ) was used in the name of the official name of the official rank .
He was also known as a ' great master . '
( He was also a person with no rank . )
It was a place where the samurai developed .
In addition , the term ' Samurai ' was used in various ways such as in the case of emergency .
Shugo daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord as provincial constable ) during the Sengoku period ( period of warring states ) .
In the Sengoku period ( period of warring states ) , the clan was given a special privilege of giving a special privilege to the local lords and the kokujin ryoshu ( local samurai lords ) .
In the Edo period , the post was given to the vassals of the Tokugawa family , and the post was given to them .
The post was a post for the family head of the Tokugawa shogunate , and was also a post for the family head of the ' hatamoto ' ( direct retainers of the bakufu , which is a form of Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
The term " Tenka " is used in the same meaning as the Chinese system , and the term " Tenka " is used in the same meaning as the Chinese system .
The history of the domain is as follows :
For details , refer to the article of ' Sengoku daimyo ' ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) .
Daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) in the Edo period
The family was ranked as " fudai daimyo " ( a daimyo in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) and ranked as " fudai daimyo " ( a daimyo in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) and ranked as " daimyo " ( a daimyo ) .
The family was ranked as a branch family of the Tokugawa family , and the family was ranked as a " fudai daimyo " ( a daimyo in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) , and after the Battle of Sekigahara , they were ranked as a " fudai daimyo " ( a daimyo in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) and a " fudai daimyo " ( a daimyo in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) , and they were ranked as " fudai daimyo " ( a daimyo in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) and " fudai daimyo " ( a daimyo in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) .
The following year , he was granted the title of Baron by the Emperor 's order : the head of the family , and the head of the family , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , who was the son of the third shogun , Hidetada TOKUGAWA , and the head of the family , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , who was the son of the former Tokugawa clan , and the head of the family , and the head of the family , and the head of the family , who was a branch family of the Shimazu clan , but he was not allowed to enter the priesthood .
He was a son of Ieyasu TOKUGAWA and was given the title of Hitachi no suke ( Assistant Governor of Hitachi Province ) and became the head of the Matsudaira family .
He was promoted to the rank of daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and was given important posts by the Imperial Court , such as the head of the Tokugawa family , and the head of the family , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , who was the lord of the domain , in the Battle of Sekigahara .
The family was a branch family of the Maeda clan , but after the death of the lord of the domain , they were also given a special treatment for their services as a daimyo , such as the Battle of Sekigahara , the Siege of Osaka , the Siege of Odawara , the Siege of Odawara , the Siege of Odawara , and the Siege of Odawara , and the like , and they were given a special treatment as a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) with a special privilege of being granted a special privilege of being a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) with a stipend of 10,000 koku or less of rice crop yield .
This was the military power of the clan .
In the Edo period , the Ii clan was ranked as a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and became a vassal of the Tokugawa clan .
The bakufu was afraid of the fact that the vassals of the bakufu were forced to commit seppuku and the people of the domain were also punished .
The following are the examples of the Daimyo who were given the title of Baron : the Mori clan , the Mori clan , the Mori clan , the Mori clan , the Mori clan , the Mori clan , the Tachibana clan , the Tachibana clan , the Tachibana clan , the Tachibana clan , the Tachibana clan , the Tachibana clan , the Tachibana clan , the Tachibana clan , the Tachibana clan , the Tachibana clan , the Tachibana clan , the Tachibana clan , the Tachibana clan , the Tachibana clan , the Tachibana clan of the Kaga Province , the Kaga Province , the Mori clan the Tachibana clan , the Tachibana clan of the Kaga Province , the Chikuzen Province , the Tachibana clan the Tachibana clan of the Chikuzen Province , the Choshu Domain , the Tachibana clan the Tachibana clan the Tachibana clan of the Chikuzen Province , the Chikuzen Province , the Tachibana clan the Tachibana clan of the Chikuzen Province , the Chikuzen Province , and the Tachibana clan of the Chikuzen Province , the largest in the past .
In addition , the following are the examples of the so-called ' Three Major Inari ' : the one in which the Tokugawa family was allowed to have a portion of the total of the rice crop yield of the entire province , the one in which the Tokugawa family was allowed to have a part of the total of the rice crop yield of the entire province , the one in which the Tokugawa family was allowed to have a part of the total yield of rice crop yield of 10,000 koku ( approximately 180 liters / koku ) , and the one in which the Tokugawa family was allowed to have a part of the total yield of rice crop yield of 10,000 koku ( approximately 180 liters / koku ) of rice crop yield .
For details , please refer to the article on ' The Family Tree of the Tokugawa Family . '
The number of people who were given land increased to only one third , and the number of people who were given land in the territory of the Hojo clan increased to only one third .
In addition , the term " hyakusho " refers to a person who has a certain rank and rank .
The territory of the Matsudaira family was 10,000 koku crop yields .
The family line of the Ashikaga clan is said to have been the descendants of the Nitta clan .
The Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered the establishment of new system such as the system of the system of clans and hereditary vassals of the Tokugawa shogunate .
In the Edo period , the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered the production of goods and the like , and the number of people who were involved in this incident increased .
The term " daimyo " refers to the following :
He was a member of the nobility and a viscount .
He was a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) of the castle town .
There was a tea room in the premises of the temple , and the residence of the lord of the domain was located in the west of the temple .
He was a great man .
The feudal lords would take care of the procession of the procession and go to the castle town .
It is also called ' apart from the main part of the house . '
The Edo bakufu ordered the formation of the new government 's infantry and the maintenance of the castle town .
They were a feudal retainer of the domain .
The family was also a merchant who had a contract with the government and had a contract with the government .
Daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) in the province asked for permission to participate in the campaign .
Fushin fushin :
He went to the capital ( Kyoto ) to practice falconry .
The Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered the production of the Asano family 's products .
It is served with a knife and is eaten with a knife .
It is also said that the guests are in the same manner .
It is a dish made by boiling fish meat and meat .
The family was allowed to have a license to carry sake .
It is a very popular dish .
It is a kind of " Tenka no jutsu " ( the art of warfare ) , and it is also used as a tool for making tofu ( bean curd ) and other things .
It is made of silk .
In the early-modern times , the word ' manga ' was used as a word to refer to the documents written by a person in the same period such as ' Koto ' ( a long Japanese zither with thirteen strings ) and ' Koto ' ( a long Japanese zither with thirteen strings ) .
The word ' Tenka ' was used in the past , but it was not until the Edo period when it was used in the sense of ' Tenka ' ( the world ) .
In the past , there was a word ' manga ' ( a comic tanka ) in the form of ' manga ' ( a comic tanka ) , but in recent years , it has been used as a word meaning ' a long ' or ' old ' and it is not used in the form of a word ' old ' or ' old ' in the sense of ' old ' ( in the sense of ' old ' ) .
In the Edo period , the word ' sankyoku ' was used as a word meaning ' to make people laugh . '
Shugo daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord as provincial constable ) in the Sengoku period ( period of warring states )
Fudai daimyo ( hereditary vassals to the Tokugawa family ) and fudai daimyo ( hereditary daimyo )
Han ( Domains )
Three major Japanese emperors
