Horin-ji Temple
Eisai was a Buddhist monk who lived in the early Kamakura period .
Founder of the Soto Sect .
At that time , he was described as a master of calligraphy .
This term is also used to refer to a Buddhist priest .
His shigo ( posthumous name ) was Daito Kokushi .
He was also known as Dogen .
It is said that there was a custom of placing hot water on the surface of hot spring water and eating it .
It is said that the origin of the name is from the fact that it was made from the trees of trees and trees of trees .
His father was Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) Gon Dainagon ( a provisional chief councilor of state ) , MINAMOTO no Yoritomo , and his mother was from the same family .
His father was MINAMOTO no Yoritomo , who had the title of Gon Dainagon ( provisional chief councilor of state ) , and his mother was a daughter of MINAMOTO no Yoshinaka , who had the title of Ukyo no daibu ( Master of the Western Capital Offices ) .
His father was MINAMOTO no Akifusa , who was Udaijin ( minister of the right ) .
His first wife was a daughter of Yoshitsune KUJO , and later he was promoted to Chunagon ( vice-councilor of state ) ( there is a theory that he died young ) .
It is said that the reason why he became a priest was that he did not get along with his older brother , FUJIWARA no Sadaie , and that he did not get along well with his older brother , and that he was appointed to be Kanpaku ( chief advisor to the Emperor ) at the age of 17 .
There is a theory that says that he was a child of Shinran , and that he was a child of Shinran .
It is said that the first half of the book was " Commentary on the Pure Land " written by Sogi .
In the same year , he became a priest in Mt . Hiei with his father .
In the same year , he became a priest and was given the title of Daishi ( a title of respect given to close female relatives of the Emperor or a woman of comparable standing ) of Mt . Hiei .
He became a priest of Enryaku-ji Temple on Mt . Hiei in Tendai Sect .
In 1225 , he became a priest of Tofuku-ji Temple on Mt . Koya .
In the same year , he entered the Buddhist priesthood and was given the title of Kokushi ( provincial governor ) of Higo Province ( Kumamoto Prefecture ) .
He returned to Japan in 1212 .
He became the chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple in Kyoto City .
After the incident , he lived in Mt . Hiei .
In December of the same year , he was appointed to the Governor of Echizen Province , and in the same year , he was appointed to the Governor of Echizen Province .
The origin of the name of the residence was the residence of the chief retainer of the Hosokawa clan in Ono Village , Gamo County , Omi Province ( present Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture ) .
In 1602 , he founded Kosho-ji Temple in Izumi Province .
In the same year , he succeeded to the position of chief priest of Tofuku-ji Temple and changed his name to Tofuku-ji Temple .
After becoming a priest , he went to Kamakura to study under FUJIWARA no Yoritsune and MINAMOTO no Yoriie .
It was in the Kamakura period when the Zen sect was introduced to Japan , but it was in fact brought back to Japan in August of the same year .
In the same year , he died at the age of 44 , and in the same year , he became a priest at Tofuku-ji Temple in Kyoto , but he died at the age of 44 , and he succeeded to the position of the chief priest of Tofuku-ji Temple .
It is said that he died of illness .
It is said that the reason why only one person can not become a Buddha is that he or she can not become a Buddha in the same way as Buddha , and that he or she can not become a Buddha in the same way as Buddha in the same way as Buddha , and that he or she can become a Buddha in the same way as Buddha in the same way as Buddha in the same way as Buddha 's teachings .
It is said that the reason why the Jodo ( Pure Land ) sect did not appear in the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) was because of the influence of Buddhism .
It is the way to become a Buddha and to become a Buddha .
The following is an example :
3 . All of them are good and evil .
At the beginning of his life , he was not good at writing Buddhist scriptures .
How to make a sound or a sound
One of the reasons for the above is to pray to Buddha for the happiness of all living things and the happiness of all living things .
They were Buddha 's teachings .
The reason why he became a priest was that he did not go to the Pure Land and that he did not go to the Pure Land but did not go to the Pure Land , and that he did not go to the Pure Land to become a Buddha .
" Kuyo " ( Buddhist prayer )
" Commentary on the Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , published by Iwanami Shoten , 1972
" Shin Nihon Koten Bungaku Zenshu " ( The Complete Works of Modern Japanese Literature , Vol . 2 , Ltd . ) ( Iwanami Shoten , 1976 )
" Shin Nihon Koten Bungaku Taikei " ( The Complete Works of Japanese Classic Literature ) ( Iwanami Shoten , 1979 )
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " ( Iwanami Shoten , 1976 )
" The Complete Works of Yukichi FUKUZAWA " ( Kodansha Ltd . , 1993 , Iwanami Shoten )
" The Analects of Confucius "
" Kanjo " ( a ceremony to be the successor )
" The Complete Works of Old Man " ( Kodansha Ltd . , 1979 , Iwanami Shoten , Kodansha Ltd . )
" Shinsen Shojiroku " ( Newly Compiled Register of Shinto and Buddhism )
Dogen 's " Selected Verses on the Pure Land "
" How to deal with the world and the world , " published by Iwanami Shoten , 1993
" Shin Nihon Koten Bungaku Taikei " ( Complete Works of Japanese Classic Literature , Volume 2 ) ( Iwanami Shoten , 1993 )
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " ( Iwanami Shoten , 1976 )
" Commentary on the Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , published by Iwanami Shoten , 1967
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " ( Kodansha Ltd . , 1993 )
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " ( Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra ) ( Iwanami Shoten , 1999 )
It is a collection of books written by Shuho Myocho , and a collection of books written by Shuho Myocho .
List of books
" Selected works of Zen Buddhism " written by Kenko YOSHIDA
" Genji Monogatari Emaki " ( Illustrated Scroll of the Tale of Genji ) ( owned by the Yomei Bunko Art Museum )
Color painting on silk portrait of Muso Kokushi inscribed by Shuho Myocho
" Commentary on the Meditation Sutra " ( Commentary on the Meditation Sutra ) , Volume 6 , 1919
" Jodo Shu " ( The True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) translated by Shokei SHIBATA , published by Kodansha Ltd .
" Dai Nihon Koten Bungaku Taikei " ( Complete Collection of Japanese Literature ) ( property of Tokyo National Museum )
" Collection of Buddhist Scriptures , Volume 3 , Volume 3 , " edited by Shuho Myocho , published by Daigo-ji Temple in 1966
" Bussetsu Muryoju-kyo Sutra " ( The Sutra of Amida Buddha , color on silk ) ( Important Cultural Property )
It was included in ' The Complete Works of Yukichi FUKUZAWA ' published by Iwanami Shoten Publishing Co . , Ltd .
His first appearance is in the novel ' Hana no Jin ' ( Flower Road ) written by Ryotaro SHIBA .
His biography is included in " The Complete Works of Ryoma SAKAMOTO " ( published by Iwanami Shoten ) .
His last poem is included in the " Asahi Shinbun " published by Iwanami Shoten Publishing Co . , Ltd .
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " written by Sogi
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum ( Fukuchiyama City , Kyoto Prefecture ) : It is located on the east side of the station .
It was decided that the construction of the facilities would be completed on the same day as the construction of the Japan National Railways ( JNR ) and the Japan National Railways ( JNR ) , and that the construction of the facilities would be completed on the first anniversary of the foundation of the Japan National Railways ( JNR ) , and on the second anniversary of the completion of the construction of the facilities of the Kyoto Prefectural Government on the second floor of the Kyoto Prefectural Government on the second floor of the Fukuchiyama Station on the Fukuchiyama Line on the second floor of the Fukuchiyama Station on the Fukuchiyama Line of the Kyoto Prefectural Government on the same year .
In the wake of the division and privatization of JNR in 1987 , the station became a JR West station .
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum and Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum used to be in charge of the Fukuchiyama Line .
In the early Showa period , there was a growing demand for a new type of steam locomotive , but it was abandoned in the end of the same year .
In addition to the above , there is a description in the ' History of Japan , ' which says that the head office of the school was located in front of the main gate of the main gate of the main building of the Imperial Palace in Hiroshima City , Hiroshima Prefecture , and in the ' History of Japan , ' which was completed in the same year , it was decided that the construction of the main building of the main building of the main building of the main building of the Imperial Palace was completed .
In the past , there were two types of steam locomotives ; one was a model steam locomotive , and the other was a model steam locomotive , which was a model steam locomotive , and the other was a model steam locomotive .
The Museum of Kyoto is located on the east side of the second floor of the main building , and the Museum of Modern Art is located on the west side of the second floor .
April 1 , 1934 : The first floor of the building was made of wood , and the second floor was made of wood , and the third floor was made of wood .
In 2004 , it was designated as a special historic site .
As of 2008 , the main building of the Museum of Modern Art was built on the second floor of the station building , and the main building of the museum was built on the third floor of the station .
It was built on the former site of the former residence of the Sanjonishi family in Kyoto City , and it was completed in 1981 when the new building was completed .
Sagano Scenic Railway Co . , Ltd . , built a new station house in Sagano , Kyoto City in 1981 , and a new station building was built in the same year ; however , the construction work of the new station house was completed in the same year , and the construction work of the new station house was completed in the same year , and the construction work of the new station house was completed in the same year with the construction work of the new station building of the new Kyoto Main Line ( Sagano Line ) and the construction work of the new station house was completed in the same year .
It was designated as a national important cultural property in 1996 .
In the early Showa period , there were two types of steam locomotives : one was made of wood and one was made of wood , and one was made of wood and one was made of wood .
In the past , there were two types of steam locomotives ; one was the first one was the second one and the other was the second one was the second one was the second one was the second one , and the other was the second one was the second one was the largest in Japan , while the other was the second one was the largest in Japan , and the second one was the largest in Japan .
The trains that arrive at and depart from Platform 3 are operated in the section between Takarazuka Station and Amanohashidate Station , and the trains that depart from and arrive at and depart from Platform 3 are operated in the section between Takarazuka Station and Amanohashidate Station .
On the other hand , the number of regular trains operated on the regular railway line was limited to only one train , but also there were some exceptions .
There are two types of steam locomotives , one is " steam locomotives " and the other is " steam locomotives . "
Uzumasa Station , located in the south of the station , is located on the east side of the station , and the station is located on the west side of the station ; additionally , the construction work of the new station is under the control of the Kyoto Municipal Transportation Bureau ; after the completion of the construction of the new station building was completed , the work of the new station was carried out on the east side of the platform and the new station house was constructed on the west side of the platform .
The area around the station is also part of the area .
In the same year , the construction of steam locomotives was completed , and steam locomotives were transferred to the Japan Freight Railway Company .
plum blossoms
This is the origin of the word ' hana ' ( flower ) .
In 2004 , two types of steam locomotives were introduced , namely , steam locomotives , steam locomotives , steam locomotives , and steam locomotives were introduced .
The reason why the name of the office was abolished was as of 2008 .
The actual number of seats on the second floor is unknown .
JNR steam locomotive steam locomotive
It was manufactured in 1932 .
This was the first time the Hokkaido Development Commission was established .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113
In 1914 , he became the director of Kawasaki Factory .
At the same time , the operation of the freight service started .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1991 , the museum was opened .
JNR / JR Kiha 40 Series Diesel Cars
1977 : The Maizuru Red Cross Hospital opened .
He became the governor of Kagoshima Prefecture .
It was issued in 1997 .
In 2002 , it was opened to the public for the first time and was opened to the public in 2002 .
JNR steam locomotive
1944 : Kaya Railway Co . , Ltd .
Ichizawa Hanpu Co . , Ltd . , Head Office
In 1953 , the company started the operation .
JNR / JR Diesel Cars Type 120 ( steam locomotive )
It was manufactured in 1934 .
1957 : The station became a Japanese National Railways station .
At the same time , it was transferred to the Museum of Modern Art in Ono City , Ehime Prefecture , and was opened to the public for the first time .
JNR steam locomotive steam locomotive ( steam locomotive )
It was manufactured in 1928 .
The construction work was completed in 1931 .
In 1949 , he was involved in the construction of the Museum of Modern Art , Ltd . , and the construction of the museum was completed .
JNR steam locomotive
1932 : The steam locomotive was manufactured .
The operation of this bus route started .
It was issued in 1997 .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 ( 200 )
1932 : The company purchased it from the company .
In the same year , he became the governor of Hyogo Prefecture .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 3000 ( second class car )
1934 : The company was founded .
He became the governor of Niigata Prefecture .
Kaya Steam Locomotive
It was manufactured in 1934 .
The operation of this bus route was changed to a passenger car .
In 1953 , the company started the operation .
JNR steam locomotive
1944 : The company was founded .
The operation of this bus route was transferred to the Nara Line .
It was issued in 1997 .
JNR steam locomotive steam locomotive ( steam locomotive )
In 1944 , it was manufactured by Mitsubishi Corporation .
He became the governor of Kumamoto Prefecture .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1949 , the company was reorganized .
JNR steam locomotive steam locomotive ( steam locomotive )
In 1944 , it was manufactured by Hitachi Corporation .
It was transferred to the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) in 1977 .
In 1949 , he was transferred to the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) and opened to the public .
1997 : The station house was relocated to its current site .
The second generation : Type 1 steam locomotive ( railway )
In 1944 , it was manufactured by Hitachi Corporation .
It was the site of the detached office of the Hokkaido Development Commission .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1949 , the company was reorganized .
Kaya Railway Co . , Ltd.
In 1931 , he was born .
It was a branch office .
It was issued in 1997 .
Kaya Railway steam locomotive
In 1977 , he was employed at the Kawasaki factory .
He became the governor of Toyooka Prefecture .
In 1953 , the company started the operation .
Track gauge : 130 km / h
In 1902 , he was transferred to the Ministry of Railways , Ltd . , and then to the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
The Tanabe branch office was established in the town .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1949 , the company was reorganized .
JNR steam locomotive
1944 : The company was founded .
It was the second branch office of the Hokkaido Development Commission .
It was issued in 1997 .
Monochrome ink painting on top of the stone wall
Monochrome ink painting on paper
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum , Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum
A pair of iron pieces of iron blade with an inscription on the right side of the stone chamber
A pair of wooden bell ( sliding door )
Monochrome ink painting on a pair of white stones
Red Brick steam locomotive ( No. 12 )
Monochrome ink painting on a wall
Monochrome ink painting on a pair of stones
A pair of wooden sword with an inscription on the upper part
West Japan Railway Company ( JR West )
Two persons were given the same number of seats .
JNR / JR Passenger Car Series 10
A box lunch is available .
It is a long and thin piece of wood that can be used to make a sound .
There is no toilet .
" Tale of Japan " Fukuchiyama Railway Museum ( tentative name )
" Onmyoji " ( 2004 , Fuji Television Network )
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum
" The Tale of Genji " was released on the first anniversary of the foundation of the Daiei film company , and was released on the second year of the Showa period .
In 1997 , the museum was opened , and the facility was opened with a spring and autumn water plant .
There are three buildings : ' 1st floor , ' ' 2nd floor , ' ' 2nd floor , ' and ' 2nd floor . '
" The New Year 's Eve " ( 1977 ) , " The New Year 's Eve "
Shiki Sanban is one of the traditional performing arts .
It is a Buddhist term used to refer to a part of Buddhist sutra .
Japanese kanji ( Chinese characters ) is also used for the production of kanji ( Chinese characters ) .
The name of the temple is written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , which was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
It is one of the architectural styles in China .
The Four Books of Confucianism : the Four Books of Confucianism , the Four Books of Confucianism , the Four Books of Confucianism , and the Four Books of Confucianism
It was introduced into Japan through the influence of Buddhism .
In Japan , it is said that the Great Buddha Hall of Todai-ji Temple was built at the beginning of the year , and that the Great Buddha Hall was built at the beginning of the year .
In the early part of the Heian period , the Tendai sect and the Shingon Esoteric Buddhism were brought back to Japan by Saicho .
In addition to the above , there are various schools of Japanese Buddhism , such as the Tendai Sect and the Shingon Sect .
This is a part of the Buddhist sutra .
As a result , he was not able to become a priest .
Later , the musical instruments were replaced with the musical instruments .
There are two types of schools ; one is the art of warfare and the other is the art of warfare .
In addition , it is said that , in the case of a master of learning , a disciple of a disciple of a master of learning or a disciple of a disciple of a master of learning or a disciple of a disciple of a master of learning or a disciple of a master of learning or a disciple of a master of learning .
On the other hand , he was also involved in the issue of succession to the headship of the family .
In addition , the number of schools has decreased and the number of schools has decreased .
In the Tendai sect , it was established by Saicho .
After the death of Saicho , he was also active as a Buddhist monk and a monk .
He was the founder of the Yuzu Nenbutsu sect .
In 1142 , he became the chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple in Uji City , Kyoto Prefecture .
It is said that the temple was founded by HATA no Kawakatsu , the founder of the Shugendo ( Japanese mountain asceticism-shamanism incorporating Shinto and Buddhist concepts ) , and named Mt . Koya after Mt . Koya .
He became the chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple on Mt . Koya , and later he became the chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple .
Since then , he has been working as a Buddhist monk and a Buddhist monk .
Later , he devoted himself to the restoration of Kiyomizu-dera Temple .
With respect to the development of new music , there was a need for new techniques to be introduced .
In the past , the Tendai sect and the Tendai sect were established .
nenbutsu ( Buddhist invocation ) , nenbutsu ( Buddhist invocation ) and nenbutsu ( Buddhist invocation ) are included in the category of Buddhism .
At the same time , the Shingon sect was founded by Kukai .
In the early stage , he received kanjo ( ceremony to be the successor ) from Kukai .
It is said that he was a monk of the Tendai Sect .
He served as an instructor of music and music .
In the early-modern times , there were many different schools , such as the Daikaku-ji school of the Rinzai sect , the Daikaku-ji school of the Shingon sect , the Daikaku-ji school of the Shingon sect , and the Daikaku-ji school of the Shingon sect .
In the early-modern times , the Shingon sect was abolished .
In the early-modern times , the Yamashina school was divided into two schools ; the Yamashina school and the Yamashina school , and in the early modern period , it was divided into two schools .
It is a grand head temple of the Tendai Sect in Mt . Koya , Mt . Koya , Mt . Koya , and Mt . Koya during the Edo period .
It is a school of the Shingon sect , and it is a school of the Ono school of the Shingon sect ( Ono school of the Shingon sect ) and is located at the foot of Mt . Koya .
It was a school of the Hosso sect .
In the same year , it was founded by Hideyoshi TOYOTOMI as a branch temple of the Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , and in the same year , it was built in the precincts of Daitoku-ji Temple in Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture .
It is also known as ' Jodo sect , ' ' Zen sect , ' ' Zen sect , ' and so on .
It was founded by Shinjo ITO ( the founder of the Shingon sect ) .
He was from the Myoshin-ji Temple in Saga ( Saga City ) .
In the same year , he built Kiyomizu-dera Temple on Mt . Koya and Mt . Koya ( Mt . Koya ) .
Later , the name of the mountain was changed to Mt . Koya , and the name of the mountain was changed to Mt . Koya .
It is also referred to as a stone lantern or a stone lantern .
In addition to the above , there are various kinds of music , such as music , music , music , and music .
It is a kind of music that can be enjoyed in a short distance .
Emperor Tenchi
A woman .
Prince Otsu ( year of birth unknown - June , 686 )
He was the eighth Emperor .
His Japanese-style posthumous name was YAMATO Takeru no Mikoto .
His imina ( personal name ) was Sukune .
His childhood name was Prince Shotoku .
He was commonly called Prince Shotoku .
His name was ' Prince Shotoku ' and ' Prince Shotoku . '
Details
He was the second Prince of Emperor Jomei .
Her mother was Empress Kogyoku .
His mother was a daughter of Prince Naka no Oe no Oe no Miko ( later Emperor Tenmu ) .
In the same year , Emperor Tenchi was assassinated by his uncle SOGA no Umako and Imperial Prince Toneri , and he was appointed as the successor to the Imperial Throne .
" Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) was established under the leadership of SOGA no Umako .
The next year , he was attacked and killed by the Udaijin ( Minister of the Right ) SOGA no Umako .
In the same year , he went to Tang ( China ) together with his younger brother , Prince Shotoku , but he was defeated in the Battle of Hakusukinoe and returned to Japan .
In the same year , he was sent to Tang ( China ) , but he died at the age of 56 .
After the demise of Emperor Tenchi , the following year , he returned to Japan , but it is said that he was only two years after the demise of Emperor Tenchi .
At the same time , the three countries of Wa ( Japan ) , Wa ( Japan ) , and Kudara ( Paekche ) were planning to build a new system .
The number of cap ranks was determined by the number of cap ranks .
He was given the family name of ' Kuni no Miyatsuko ' in the eighth year of Emperor Monmu 's reign .
Emperor Tenchi 's Prince , Prince Otomo ( later Emperor Tenchi ) , is said to have ascended the throne .
However , after Emperor Tenchi died , his son , Prince Otomo ( Emperor Kobun ) , became the crown prince .
In the era of Emperor Tenmu , the line of Emperor Tenmu was changed to the line of Emperor Tenmu .
After Emperor Konin died , his son , Emperor Konin , succeeded to the throne as Emperor Shotoku .
The next year , he married a daughter of Prince Otomo ( Emperor Kobun ) , and had a relationship with him .
Brief Personal History
538 : He was born .
Prince Naka no Oe ( later Emperor Shomu ) : He became the Crown Prince on March 24 , 645 .
Prince Otomo ( Emperor Junnin ) : He passed away on October 24 , 671 .
Emperor Tenchi ( his reign lasted from February 13 , 686 to March 28 , 1987 )
He died at the age of 56 on January 24 , 672 .
However , according to " Taiheiki " ( The Record of the Great Peace ) , he escaped from the Imperial Palace with his younger brother , Emperor Kobun , and died in battle .
Emperor Tenchi 's reign lasted from the beginning to the beginning of the 20th century .
On the other hand , there are various theories .
Emperor Tenmu was in favor of him .
There is also a theory that says that he was the first son of Emperor Tenchi , and that he was the younger brother of Emperor Tenchi , and that he was the younger brother of Emperor Tenmu , and that he was also the younger brother of Emperor Tenmu .
According to the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , he was the first prince of Emperor Tenmu , but he died before the completion of the " Kojiki " ( Records of Ancient Matters ) .
The details of his life are unknown , but it is said that he lived until the end of the Edo period .
According to the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , after the death of his father , Emperor Tenchi , he had no choice but to do with the succession to the Imperial Throne , and it is said that he had no choice but to do with the succession to the Imperial Throne after the death of his father , Emperor Tenchi .
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , it is said that he became a priest in the same year .
" Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) describes that there was no successor to the Imperial Throne after the death of Emperor Tenchi .
The calculation was written on the surface of the paper .
In addition , there is a theory that says that the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) and " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) were not written in the same way as the " Kojiki " ( Records of Ancient Matters ) .
( " Nihonshoki " [ Chronicles of Japan ] )
Naka no Oe no Miko ( later Emperor Tenchi ) was assassinated by SOGA no Iruka .
In addition , there is a theory that says that he was a member of the Imperial family or a member of the Soga clan at the time of the incident .
On the other hand , Prince Naka no Oe was assassinated by SOGA no Iruka .
There is a theory that says that the Emperor Tenmu ordered the compilation of the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) and the compilation of the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
On the other hand , there is a theory that says that the Emperor Tenchi and his son , SOGA no Iruka , had not yet been involved in the Imperial succession dispute .
There is a theory that says that Emperor Tenmu was a child of Emperor Tenmu .
There is a description in " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) that she was a younger sister of Emperor Tenchi , and she was also a younger sister of Emperor Tenchi .
It is said that he had no choice but to let his daughter marry into the Imperial Family ; however , after the death of his father , Emperor Tenchi , he had no choice but to do with the plan to kill himself , and therefore , he made a plan to kill himself with his younger brother , Prince Otomo ( Emperor Kobun ) , who was also involved in the plan to raise an army against the Soga clan , with whom he had no choice but to kill himself .
There is a theory that says that he was the first son of Emperor Tenmu , and that he was the second son of Emperor Shomu , but he died soon after that .
In addition , there is a theory that says that the Emperor Tenmu was ' a son of the Emperor Tenchi ' and the Empress Jito was ' a son of the Emperor . '
In addition , there is a theory that says that he was a child of Emperor Tenmu , but it is not certain whether he was a child or not because he was a child of Emperor Tenmu or not .
In addition to the above , there is a large number of studies on the history of sake brewing , and it is difficult to say that there was a big difference between the two .
Poems
Manyoshu ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves )
One of the oldest poems in Japan was " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) .
When the wind blows , the wind blows through the clouds , and the wind blows through the clouds .
His name appears in " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) .
On the other hand , it is said that , when the sun rises up to the east , the sun rises to the west , and the sun rises to the east , and the sun rises to the west , and the sun rises to the west and the sun rises to the west .
The Sanjo Family : a side line of the House of Fujiwara North
He was a member of the Seiga family ( the second highest family status for court nobles ) , which was descended from the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan .
The Sanjo Family : a side line of Shijo
He was from the branch family of the Sasaki clan in Settsu Province , and he was also known by the name of Fujiwara .
Its kamon ( family crest ) is three horizontal lines .
He was the second son of FUJIWARA no Ienari of the Kanin line of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan .
In the same year , he was promoted to the rank of Jugoinoge ( Junior Fifth Rank , Lower Grade ) , and after the death of his father , Emperor Gotoba , he was placed under house arrest by his uncle , MINAMOTO no Yoriie , who was a close associate of the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and he was promoted to Dainagon ( chief councilor of state ) .
The origin of the name of the temple was the residence of the Sasaki clan located in Iwakura , Otagi County , Yamashiro Province ( present-day Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City ) .
The temple 's name came from the fact that it was originally the residence of the Kujo family in Higashiyama , Kyoto , and later it became the residence of the Ichijo family .
After the fall of the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , the family line of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan came to an end .
Daikakuji-to ( imperial lineage starting with Emperor Kameyama ) and Jimyoin-to ( imperial lineage starting with Emperor Kameyama ) were exiled to Sanuki Province .
Daikakuji-to ( imperial lineage starting with Emperor Kameyama ) and Jimyoin-to ( imperial lineage starting with Emperor Kameyama ) , who were brothers from the same mother , were forced to return to the service of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
After the death of his father , Emperor Godaigo , he was appointed to Rokuhara Tandai Kitakata ( an administrative and judicial agency in Rokuhara , Kyoto ) .
In the same year , he was exiled to Sado Province by the order of his father , Emperor Godaigo , and the following year , he was ordered to kill himself by the Hojo clan ( the Genko Disturbance ) , which was a branch family of the Hojo clan ( the Southern House of the Fujiwara clan ) , and was a branch family of the Sasaki clan ( the Southern House of the Fujiwara clan ) .
During the era of Emperor Godaigo , he was adopted by the Saionji family , the main branch of the Saionji family , and was promoted to Chunagon ( vice-councilor of state ) .
The family business was waka poetry during the Muromachi period .
He was born as the second son of Kanpaku ( chief adviser to the Emperor ) Tadataka HOSOKAWA , but he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) at first , then he was placed under the protection of the Hosokawa clan , and later he was placed under the custody of Ukyo no daibu ( Master of the Western Capital Offices ) , Ukyo no daibu ( Master of the Western Capital Offices ) , Ukyo no daibu ( Master of the Western Capital Offices ) , Ukyo no daibu ( Master of the Western Capital Offices ) ( Master of the Western Capital Offices ) , and later he was placed under the custody of his father , Ukyo no daibu ( Master of the Western Capital Offices ) , Tadaoki HOSOKAWA .
He was a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) , and after the death of his father , he served as a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) and a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) as well as a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) , and was promoted to Dainagon ( chief councilor of state ) in the Meiji period .
It is said that the reason why he was given the title of Baron was because of his great achievement in the Battle of Sekigahara , and that he was given the title of Baron by Emperor Meiji , and that he was given the title of Doctor of Letters by Emperor 's mother , Empress Dowager Shoken , as well as the title of Junior Assistant Minister of the Imperial Household , Empress Dowager Shoken .
Mt . Hiei is located in the border between Kyoto City and Fukui City , Shiga Prefecture .
It is located at the foot of Mt . Funaoka in Kita Ward , Kyoto City , and at the foot of Mt . Funaoka in Ukyo Ward , Kyoto City .
It is located in Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture .
Kumano Sanzan ( three major shrines , Kumano-Hongu-Taisha , Kumano-Hayatama-Taisha and Kumano-Nachi-Taisha ) , which were believed to have been founded by EN no Gyoja , were built around this time .
It is in Higashiyama Ward , Kyoto City .
It is also called Mt . Koya , Mt . Koya , and Mt . Koya .
Summary
It is located in the east of Mt . Hiei , and it is said that this is because of the influence of Mt . Hiei .
In addition , according to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , the name of the shrine comes from the fact that the shrine is located at the foot of Mt . Miwa in Omi Province , and the name of the shrine comes from the name of the shrine .
Kumano Sanzan Kengyo ( the title of an official who administered the shrines and temples in Kumano ) , which was the origin of Shugendo ( Japanese mountain asceticism-shamanism incorporating Shinto and Buddhist concepts ) , was transferred to Kumano Sanzan ( three major shrines of Kumano ) by the order of the Emperor , and was later transferred to its current location by the order of the Emperor .
The temple is located on the east side of Mt . Hiei , and the temple is also known as a place to pray for the safety of the nation and the prosperity of the nation .
It is located at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , and at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , it is located at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , and at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , it is also located at the east foot of Mt . Hiei and at the north foot of Mt . Hiei .
In addition to the above , it is said that the three sacred imperial treasures of Mt . Hiei , Mt . Hiei , Mt . Hiei , and Mt . Hiei were used as a source of income for the Imperial Court .
It is located on the east side of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) and on the west side of the station .
On New Year 's Eve , there are many people who visit the mountain , including those who get on and off from the mountain , and those who get on and off the mountain .
The site of the former residence of the Minister of Agriculture , Forestry and Fisheries was completed in 1992 , and the stone monument was built on the top of the mountain and the stone monument was built on the top of the mountain .
On the other hand , the Kyoto Nishikyogoku Comprehensive Sports Park was built on the west side of the station , and the park was built on the east side of the station on the west side of the station on January 14 , 1935 .
Mt . Koya and Mt . Koya
Mt . Hiei , which is also known as Mt . Hiei , is located at the east foot of Mt . Hiei and at the east foot of Mt . Hiei .
The name of the temple is ' Mt . Hiei , ' and the name of the temple is ' Mt . Hiei . '
It is located in Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture , and is located on the border between Kyoto and Shiga Prefectures .
Mt . Hiei is located in the east of the capital , but it is also said that Mt . Hiei is located in the west of the capital and that Mt . Hiei is located in the east of the temple .
Cable Sakamoto Station on the Eizan Main Line of the Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . , is located next to the station .
For example , in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of ' Oki ' in the case of ' Oki ' in the case of ' Oki ' in the case of ' Oki ' in the case of ' Oki ' in the case of ' Oki ' in the case of ' Oki ' in the case of ' Oki ' in the case of ' Oki ' in the case of ' Oki ' in the case of ' Oki ' in the case of ' Oki ' in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case in the case of '
The temple 's sango ( literally , " mountain name , " which is the title prefixed to the name of a Buddhist temple ) , which is the title prefixed to the name of a Buddhist temple , is Mt . Koya , Mt . Koya , Mt . Koya , and Mt . Koya .
Features
Gokuraku Jodo ( The West Pure Land )
Both sides of the river flow into the basin of Lake Biwa .
It is also known as Mt . Hiei and Mt . Hiei .
Access
Hieizan Cable Cable Railway ( Sakamoto Cable Cable Cable Railway )
Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . ( Kurama Cable Railway )
Eizan Electric Railway Co . , Ltd .
Mt . Hiei Bus
Kyoto Prefectural Road 22 , Kyoto Outer Loop Expressway
By bus : Buses bound for Mt . Hiei and Mt . Hiei
Keihan Bus Co . , Ltd . , bound for Yamashina Station
Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . , Kyoto Bus Co . , Ltd . ( Arashiyama Route )
TV stations
It is located in Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture .
The reason why the Nara Kotsu Bus Co . , Ltd . , used to make a stop is that it is difficult for people to get on and off the train .
Goro Sky Tower
It was broadcast on October 1 , 2001 .
A video machine and a video machine
Notes
NHK Kyoto Broadcasting System Co . , Ltd . ( The Asahi Shimbun Co . , Ltd . ) , and TV Asahi Broadcasting System Co . , Ltd . ( The Asahi Shimbun Co . , Ltd . ) , all of which were located in the vicinity of the station , are located in the vicinity of the station , and the station is located in the south of the station and the station is located in the east of the station , and the station is located in the south of the station , and the station is located in the south of the station and the station , in the south of the station , it is located in the south of the station , and in the south of the station , it is located in the south of the station .
In addition , it is said that the station is located in Osaka Prefecture , and that it is the only station in Kansai International Airport .
Route 11
At the beginning of the Edo period , the Nakasen-do Road ran from Osaka to Kyoto via Nakasen-do Road and Nakasen-do Road .
This section describes the details .
Hiroshige UTAGAWA 's " Hiroshige UTAGAWA " ( Hiroshige UTAGAWA 's Hiroshige UTAGAWA ) is exhibited at the museum .
It is a vending machine made of glass .
For more information , refer to the section of " The Second Seven . "
During the Edo period , the Nakasen-do Road was known as the ' Nakasen-do Road . '
In addition to the above , there are many famous places where people enjoy viewing cherry blossoms and cherry blossoms viewing cherry blossoms , and they have been designated as national important cultural properties .
At the same time , the name of the route from Kyoto to Osaka was changed to the route from the route from Kyoto to Edo .
The old provincial names are shown below .
It is located in Maizuru City .
However , the names of towns and villages established after the Second World War are as follows :
Nihonbashi ( Chuo Ward , Tokyo )
One of the three most important spots in Tokyo ( Shinagawa Ward )
1 . Nishi Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture
Sendai City , Miyagi Prefecture ( Tanabata Matsuri Festival )
The location : Sakura City , Kanagawa Prefecture ( Tanabata Matsuri )
1 . Cherry blossom Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Sakura City , Chiba Prefecture ( Tanabata Matsuri Festival )
Mt . Koya ( Minami Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
27 . Dazaifu Tenmangu Shrine ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Odawara City ( Odawara Tanabata Matsuri )
Route 27 : Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture ( Present Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
Shitenno-ji Temple ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Numazu City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( 15 years old )
Route 35 : Bound for Shizuoka City ( Nakasen-do Road )
Fuji Matsuri Festival ( Taito Ward , Tokyo )
Nihonbashi Bridge ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
1 . Hamamatsu City , Totomi Province ( Present Okazaki City )
Shitenno-ji Temple ( Minami Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Early April : Spring Matsuri Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
Hamamatsu City ( Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
Late April : Autumn Matsuri Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
11 chome , Nagara Village , Sado County , Shizuoka Prefecture ( 11 towns )
Mt . Takao ( Minami Ward , Yokohama City )
Route 27 : Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( Present Shizuoka Prefecture )
Stone monument ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Route 35 : Bound for Mt . Koya ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
Osaka-jo Castle ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Osaka Prefecture )
Shitenno-ji Temple ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Osaka Prefecture )
Late April : Autumn Matsuri Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( 35 years old )
Ogaki City , Ogaki City , Gifu Prefecture , castle town
Sado City , Sado County , Sado County , Shizuoka Prefecture ( 25 km )
Mt . Koya ( Toyama City , Toyama Prefecture )
Route 27 : Bound for Mt . Atago ( Nagaoka City , Fukui Prefecture )
Higashi Koya-kaido Road ( Minami Ward , Nagoya City )
Mt . Atago ( Maizuru City , Kyoto Prefecture )
Route 27 : Bound for Mt . Inari ( Maizuru City , Kyoto Prefecture )
The third act : Mt . Atago ( Kita Ward , Osaka City )
Mt . Atago ( Maizuru City , Kyoto Prefecture )
Picture : Mt . Atago ( Gifu City ) * *
24 . Hamamatsu City , Aichi Prefecture ( Present Okazaki City )
Fushimi Inari Taisha Shrine ( Minami Ward , Osaka City )
Higashi Koya-kaido Bridge ( Minami Ward , Tokyo Prefecture )
Route 35 : Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture ( Mie Prefecture )
Uji-gawa River ( Katano City , Osaka Prefecture )
Itsukushima-jinja Shrine ( Toyooka City , Hyogo Prefecture )
Route 35 : Uji City , Osaka Prefecture ( Rokujizo City )
Kisshoin Town , Ota County , Gifu Prefecture ( Present Ota City )
Nishi Koya-kaido Bridge ( Minami Ward , Yokohama City , Osaka Prefecture )
Nishi Koya-kaido Road ( Nishi Ward , Kobe City , Hyogo Prefecture )
Nishi no maru ( Nishi Ward , Kobe City , Hyogo Prefecture )
Nishi Koya-kaido Road ( Nishi Ward , Kobe City )
Maibara City , Shiga Prefecture ( 25 km )
11 Sakamoto , Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture
Nijo Ohashi Bridge ( Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture )
According to temple legend , when he was a child , he went to the capital ( Kyoto ) and became a disciple of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) and was given the posthumous Buddhist name of ' Seishi Bosatsu ' ( Jizo Bodhisattva ) , which is said to be the origin of the name of the era , and then he went to the capital ( Kyoto ) .
At the time of the construction of Fushimi-jo Castle ( Kyoto Prefecture ) in 1600 , he was in charge of the construction of Fushimi-jo Castle .
It is also called the Old Tokaido Road or the Old Nakasen-do Road .
It was located at the east foot of Mt . Funaoka ( Kyoto Prefecture ) and at the east foot of Mt . Funaoka ( Kyoto Prefecture ) , and at the same time , the name of the street was changed to the west bank of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) .
The province was divided into two types .
It was the first province in Japan .
The post office is located at the boundary between Niigata and Nagano Prefectures .
Fushimi Inari Taisha Shrine ( Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City )
Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City ( Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City )
35 chome , Kita Ward , Osaka City , Osaka Prefecture
Route 35 : Bound for Osaka Station ( Minami Ward , Osaka City )
Higashi Koya-kaido Road ( Osaka City , Osaka Prefecture )
It is located at the border between Settsu Province and Izumi Province ( at the border between Izumi Province and Izumi Province ) , and at the border between Izumi Province and Izumi Province ( at the border between Izumi Province and Izumi Province ) .
The author was the author of " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , who lived in the late Heian period .
According to the " Shin Heike Monogatari " ( The Tale of the Heike ) , there were two types of ' Koto ' : one was ' Koto ' ( a long Japanese zither with thirteen strings ) and the other was ' Koto ' ( a long Japanese zither with thirteen strings ) , which was ' Koto ' ( a long Japanese zither with thirteen strings ) , and the other was ' Koto ' ( a long Japanese zither with thirteen strings ) , which was ' Koto ' ( a long Japanese zither with thirteen strings ) , which was ' Koto ' ( a long Japanese zither with thirteen strings ) .
Also known as " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book )
It was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
It is a collection of anecdotes written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it is said that it was written by Kenko YOSHIDA and others .
In addition , there is a description that says that in the early part of the book , there was a strong influence on the existence of Chinese characters and Chinese characters , and that there was a strong influence on the existence of Chinese characters .
According to the " Kojidan " ( Talks of the Past ) , it was decided that he would go to the Imperial Palace with his younger brother , Emperor Ichijo , and that he would go to the Imperial Palace ; however , he was not allowed to enter the Imperial Palace because he had a close relationship with FUJIWARA no Yukinari , who had the title of Chunagon ( vice-councilor of state ) , and he had the rank of Shogoinoge ( Senior Fifth Rank , Lower Grade ) and the rank of Shogoinoge ( Senior Fifth Rank , Lower Grade ) .
In addition , there is a description that says , ' if you go out of the house , you will go out of the house if you go out of the house ' in the end of the book , and if you go out of the house , you will be able to get out of the house if you go out of the house or not , ' in the end of the book , it is written in the text of " Makura no Soshi " ( the Pillow Book ) .
It is said that the word ' Kosode ' was used in " Makura no soshi . "
It is a collection of essays and essays , such as " The Tale of Genji , " " The Tale of Genji , " " The Tale of Genji , " and " The Tale of Genji , " which is said to have been written by Akinari UEDA .
The origin of the word is as follows :
It is written in kanji ( Chinese characters ) : ' No matter how much water is , no matter how much water it is . '
The contents are written in various ways , such as in the order of the characters and in the order of the characters .
" Interpretation of the Great Learning "
An inscription on the back side
There are various theories .
However , this is not true .
In addition , in " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , it is written that ' there is no one who has the same name as Murasaki Shikibu . '
The following year , he was promoted to the rank of Shosanmi ( Senior Third Rank ) , and it is said that he was involved in the planning of the Hogen Disturbance .
It is said that he died two years after the completion of the diary .
For example , " Genji Monogatari " ( The Tale of Genji ) , which was written by Murasaki Shikibu at the end of the Muromachi period , includes the following :
It has a long history .
It consists of two volumes .
It is said that the manuscript was written by FUJIWARA no Teika in 1200 .
It is said that the contents of the book were as follows : ' It is good for a person to make a living when he or she is alive . '
Kikan IKEDA further divided it into two groups .
One volume of ' Genji Monogatari ' ( The Tale of Genji ) , one volume of the first volume , and two volumes of the second volume of the second volume were lost .
The story is as follows :
Archives and Archives of Imperial Household Archives , Imperial Household Archives
It consists of two volumes .
Old genealogy of the Sanjonishi family : A copy of the manuscript owned by the Yomei Bunko Library , a copy owned by the Yomei Library and a copy owned by the Yomei Library
It is said that he was a son of KI no Tsurayuki , and his wife was a daughter of KI no Tsurayuki .
It was made in the late Kamakura period .
It is a part of the original text , but it is a part of the original text and is a part of the original version of the original text .
It consists of twenty volumes in total .
Story line
The meaning of the word is as follows :
It was made in the Muromachi period .
It is said that when he was serving as the chief priest of Tofuku-ji Temple in Kyoto , he said to him , ' I have never heard of you . '
It is one volume .
The contents of the story are as follows :
The Collection of Tales of Ise
The book was written by Emperor Gomurakami .
It is held by the Imperial Household Agency .
It consists of six volumes .
Two different colors are used .
It is also referred to as a fire .
It consists of one volume .
It consists of two volumes .
It consists of three volumes .
It consists of three volumes .
Volume 6
The meaning of the word is as follows :
Among them , the Maeda family in Kaga Province and the Maeda family in Kaga Province are national treasures .
On the other hand , there is a description in " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) that , on the right hand , a piece of paper decorated with gold and silver was pasted on top of the clouds .
Important cultural property .
It was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in the early Kamakura period , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
The " Gunsho ruiju " ( Collection of historical documents compiled by Hokiichi HANAWA ) and " Gunsho ruiju " ( Collection of historical documents compiled by Hokiichi HANAWA ) were included in the " Gunsho ruiju " ( Collection of historical documents compiled by Hokiichi HANAWA ) .
It was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) or kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) or kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) at the end of the 16th century .
However , the following year , he was promoted to the chief editor of the first edition of the " Nihon Shoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , which was published in the Meiji period , and in 1933 , he was promoted to the chief editor of the second edition of the " Nihon Shoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , which was published in the same year .
According to the " Zoku Hyakki Shui Monogatari " ( Continued Collection of Tales Heard , Past and Present ) , it was a long time ago in the middle of the Heian period , and it was a long time ago in the form of a picture scroll with pictures on it .
It consists of one volume and two volumes in total .
In addition to the above , there is a description in " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) that ' there are many poems exchanged between a man and a woman , ' and in " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) it is written that ' there are many poems exchanged between women and women , ' and in " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) it is written that there were many poems exchanged between women and women .
" The Tale of Genji " consists of six chapters , but the contents are different .
It is said that , after the death of his father , Emperor Ichijo , he had no choice but to make poems by himself and make poems by himself , making poems , making poems , and making poems , making poems , and making poems , making poems , and making poems , making poems , and making poems , making poems , and making poems , making poems , and making poems , making poems , and making poems , and making poems , and making poems , and making poems , and making poems , making poems , were not so popular among the people .
He also wrote " The Tale of Genji " and " The Tale of Genji , " and he made a great contribution to the development of the new style of expression of his own .
Public evaluation
The story takes place in a manner similar to that of a human being that of a human being that of a human being that of a human being that of a human being that of a human being .
It is said that , when the wind blows , the sound of the wind blows , the sound of the wind , the sound of the wind , the sound of the wind , the sound of the wind , and the sound of the moon is different from that of the sky .
In addition to the above , the word ' manga ' is used to describe the social conditions of the time , such as that of the summer wind , snow , snow , snow , and snow , and that of the late autumn wind , and that of the early summer wind , the word ' manga ' is used to refer to the literature of the time , and that the word ' manga ' is used to refer to the literature of the time , and that the word ' manga ' is used to refer to the children 's song .
Teishi gave birth to Emperor Ichijo .
It is said that he did not get along with his father , FUJIWARA no Michinaga , when he was twenty years old .
It is not clear when he became a priest , but it is said that he was not included in " Okagami " ( the Great Mirror ) .
In addition , there is a description in " The Tale of Genji , " which says that the Emperor abdicated the throne to his younger brother and became a priest in the early Showa period .
Public evaluation
In addition , it is written that when the wind blows through the clouds , the character of the wife is beautiful .
However , in some cases , the term is used to refer to a person who has not yet reached the age of majority .
Chugu Gon no taijo ( Provisional Senior Secretary in the Office of the Consort 's Household ) , ' but this was not the case with ' Koto no naishi ' ( a court lady of the first rank ) .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the 13th Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
In the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , there was a case where one of them was allowed to enter the Imperial Palace .
He was awarded the rank of Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) and the title of Sadaijin ( Minister of the Left ) .
He was a member of the Imperial family .
After Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) , he became a member of the shogun 's council of elders of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
In the following year , 1868 , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered the return of the lands and people to the Emperor ; however , after the defeat in the Battle of Toba and Fushimi , he was forced to return to the Imperial Palace by the order of the Emperor Komei , and he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to return to the Imperial Palace , which led to the fall of the Tokugawa family ( the Battle of Toba-Fushimi ) .
From the end of the Edo period to the beginning of the Meiji period , he devoted himself to the study of Japanese classical literature .
He was also called ' Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ' or ' Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA . '
According to " Kansei Choshu Shokafu " ( genealogies of vassals in Edo bakufu ) , the title of honor was given by the Imperial Court .
In addition , there is a book titled ' How to make the best use of black ink . '
He was born in Nagoya City , Aichi Prefecture , and there are many people who believe that he was a ' child ' or ' child ' when he became a priest .
In addition , he is said to have been a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east , ' and his wife is said to have been a younger sister of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the 15th Shogun .
At the same time , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the domain , said , ' I am a great commander . '
In addition to the above , there are many other theories , such as that it was ' the first time in Japan , ' that it was ' the second in the Kanto region , ' that it was ' the second in the Kansai region , ' that it was ' the third in the Kansai region , ' that it was ' the third in the Kansai region , ' that it was ' the third in the Kansai region , ' and that it was ' the third in the Kansai region . '
In addition , there is a description that says ' I am not a man of culture but a man of culture of the time , ' which shows that he had a close relationship with the Mori clan , and that he had a close relationship with the Mori clan , who had a close relationship with the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and had a close relationship with him and had a close relationship with him .
He was born as the fourth son of Nariaki TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Kishu Domain , on December 27 , 1858 .
His lawful wife was a daughter of Emperor Gomizunoo , and he was the second consort of the Emperor .
It is said that his mother was a concubine of Masayuki HOSHINA and his wife was a concubine of Iemitsu TOKUGAWA .
His childhood name was Goro .
When he was nine years old , he went to the capital ( Kyoto ) to study under the guidance of his father , however , he was not allowed to enter the service of the lord of the domain , and he was called ' the father of the lord of the domain ' or ' the father of the lord of the domain , ' and became the lord of the domain .
It is said that , after the death of his father , he was placed under house arrest by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , but he was also placed under house arrest together with his older brother , Nobuyuki MATSUDAIRA .
On January 27 , 1864 , he was appointed to the lord of the domain by the order of his father , Emperor Komei .
On the same day , he was promoted to the rank of Junii ( Junior Second Rank ) , and he was adopted by Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the domain .
On the other hand , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his father , Masahiro ABE , who was roju ( member of shogun 's council of elders ) .
In the same year , he was promoted to the rank of Junii ( Junior Second Rank ) , and in the same year , he was assassinated by his uncle , Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , and in the same year , he became the successor to the position of Shogun ( however , there is also a theory that he died young ) .
In the same year , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Echizen Domain , was appointed as the heir of the lord of the Kaga Domain , Yoshinaga MATSUDAIRA , and Yoshinobu HIRAGA , the lord of the Mito Domain , was appointed as the successor to the lord of the Kaga Domain .
In the same year , he was ordered to take over as head of the family by Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , and in the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) together with his father , who was the lord of the domain , and to be the lord of the domain .
In accordance with the Treaty of Amity and Commerce between the United States and Japan , he changed his name to ' Iemochi ' in the same year .
In the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the order of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and in the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) together with roju ( member of shogun 's council of elders ) , Naosuke II , and then he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by Imperial order of Emperor Komei .
It is said that , although he had no choice but to do so , he was forced to resign from the post and return to secular life by the order of Shogun , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
In 1861 , he was pardoned .
In the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , and in the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by the lord of the domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU ( the lord of the Satsuma Domain ) , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU ( the lord of the Satsuma Domain ) .
On March 18 , he was appointed as a member of the House of Peers by the recommendation of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
In the same year , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered roju ( member of shogun 's council of elders ) , Naosuke II , to build a new government and build a new government .
In the same year , he went to the capital ( Kyoto ) to study under the order of Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA .
The next year , when Emperor Komei visited the Imperial Palace to pray for the victory of the Western Army , he said , ' I am going to the Imperial Palace and I am going to the Imperial Palace , but I don 't know that I am going to the Imperial Palace . '
In May of the same year , he was appointed as a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) , and he was involved in the overthrow of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) together with other members of the Choshu clan , including Tomomi IWAKURA and others , but he was expelled from Kyoto because of the Coup of August 18 of the same year .
However , in the end , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by the lord of the domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , and then he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by the lord of the domain , Sanetomi SANJO , but he did not get along well with him , and moreover , he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the order of the lord of the domain , Sanetomi SANJO , and so on .
He was appointed as Kyoto shugoshoku ( Military governor of Kyoto ) and Osaka jodai ( the keeper of Osaka Castle ) , and later he became the successor of the family to the lord of the domain , Katamori MATSUDAIRA ( the lord of the Aizu Domain , Katamori MATSUDAIRA ) .
Tenguto no Ran ( Rebellion of Tenguto ) , which broke out in the same year , joined the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) with his younger brother and younger brothers and sisters , but they were defeated by the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and escaped from the castle .
In the following year , 1864 , he fought in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi against the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) led by Kinmochi SAIONJI .
In the same year , the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered the return of lands and people to the emperor , and the following year , the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) concluded the Treaty of Amity and Commerce between the United States and Japan .
In the following year , 1864 , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to hunt down and kill Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , the lord of the Satsuma Domain .
However , the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was defeated by the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) led by Kinmochi SAIONJI and returned to Satsuma .
After the Battle of Sekigahara , he was exiled to Sado Province on March 24 , 1600 .
In the same year , the Emperor issued an order to track down and kill him in the Imperial Palace .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , who succeeded to the headship of the family , died suddenly .
On the same day , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the family head of the Tokugawa family , passed away .
On the same day , he was appointed to the post of Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , but he died on the same day .
At the same time , he made efforts to restore the authority of the Imperial Court .
In the same year , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to go to France , France , France , France , France , France , and the United States to work for the navy , and then he was ordered to go to the front with his younger brother and younger brother .
In the same year , he went to Europe to study in Paris with his older brother , Yukichi , and became a teacher at a private school in Edo .
In response to this , the Imperial Court dispatched an envoy to the Yuan Dynasty in order to raise an army .
On January 24 , 1864 , he was ordered by Emperor Komei to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) , but he refused the offer because of the political conflict between the two countries ( Satsuma and Choshu ) .
At the same time , the authority of the Imperial Court was transferred to the Imperial Court , and it is said that this was the beginning of the Edo bakufu 's policy .
However , in March of the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by Emperor Komei , and in the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by the lord of the domain , Tomomi IWAKURA , who was the lord of the domain , and he was appointed to Udaijin ( Minister of the Right ) .
In response to this , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) sent an envoy to the Imperial Court to ask for the return of political power to the Imperial Court , but the negotiation was broken off because of the conflict between the two parties .
In the same year , he joined the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) in the Battle of Toba and Fushimi , and moved from place to place to fight against the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) in Yamato Province .
On the occasion of the Battle of Sekigahara , however , he was ordered to go back to Kyoto , and on the other hand , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and on the same day , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
At the same time , he went to the front with Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Taruhito , who later became Emperor Meiji , to fight against the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
In response to this , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the domain , committed suicide with his sword .
In March of the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) .
At the same time , he was adopted by the head family of the Tokugawa family , and succeeded to the head of the family .
In the same year , he was ordered to return to the service of the lord of the domain , Takamori SAIGO , but he was defeated by the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) at the Battle of Toba-Fushimi and escaped to the residence of Satsuma Domain .
In August of the same year , he was transferred to the Sunpu Domain in Suruga Province .
Shungaku MATSUDAIRA ( the lord of Owari Domain )
Chief retainer of the Matsudaira family ( Mito Matsudaira family )
Ansei no Taigoku ( suppression of extremists by the Shogunate ) ( Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA )
The Toki clan
Chief retainer of the Matsudaira family ( Mito Matsudaira family )
Osaki no kata
Takeo NAKAJIMA
Hanzo MATSUDAIRA
In 1869 , he returned to his hometown due to the outbreak of the Boshin War .
After entering the Buddhist priesthood , various kinds of music , such as music , music , and music , were produced .
In 1899 , he moved to Tokyo .
In the following year , he went to the Imperial Palace of Emperor Meiji , and in the following year , he went back to his hometown .
In 1868 , he was raised to the peerage and became the head of the family .
In 1947 , he returned to secular life and took over as head of the family .
In 1914 , he died at the age of 83 .
He died at the age of 24 on the same day .
* Dates are based on the old lunar calendar .
In 1847
He succeeded to the head of the family on the same day .
On January 12 , 1867 , he changed his name to Yoshinobu .
He was awarded the rank of Jusanmi ( Junior Third Rank ) and appointed as Sakone gon no chujo ( Provisional Middle Captain of the Left Division of Inner Palace Guards ) .
In December of the same year , he married a daughter of Sadaijin ( Minister of the Left ) Masahiro TAKATSUKASA .
He was Sangi ( councillor ) .
In 1858 , he succeeded to the position of Sadaijin ( Minister of the Left ) .
In December of the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
He retired in October 1864 .
1862
He succeeded to the headship of the family on November 9 .
On the same day , he was appointed as Sessho ( regent ) .
In December , he was transferred to Gon Chunagon ( provisional vice-councilor of state ) .
In December of the same year , he was appointed as Naidaijin ( Minister of the Center ) .
1864
On March 24 , he resigned from the position of Nairan .
On March 18 , he resigned from the position of Sessho .
March 28 : He was assigned to the post of Governor of Owari Province , and was also assigned to the post of Commander of the 6th platoon .
He fought in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi .
1866
February 24 : He was additionally appointed as Governor of Kyoto .
He succeeded to the head of the Tokugawa family .
He was appointed as Gon Dainagon ( provisional chief councilor of state ) and Ukone no daisho ( Major Captain of the Right Division of Inner Palace Guards ) at the rank of Junii ( Junior Second Rank ) .
On the same day , he was appointed as seii taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) .
1867
In August , he was appointed as Naidaijin ( minister of the center ) .
Retained his position as Ukone no daisho .
Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to Emperor )
On December 12 , he resigned from the position of Seii Taishogun .
On January 18 , 1864 , he was dismissed from the post .
On December 24 , 1869 , he was dismissed .
January 7 , 1869 : Promoted to Junii ( Junior Second Rank ) .
He was promoted to Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) on February 26 , 1897 .
He was promoted to the rank of Junii ( Junior Second Rank ) on February 7 , 1907 .
He moved to Tokyo on November 23 , 1888 .
On New Year 's Day in 1868 , he was appointed as Emperor Meiji 's first president .
He was given the title of marquis on April 16 , 1901 .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the head of the family , was granted the family name of ' Matsudaira . '
December : Appointed as a member of the Imperial Family .
1908
He was awarded the rank of Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) in recognition of his contribution to the restoration of imperial rule .
On December 28 , he retired .
He died at the age of 75 on February 26 , 1903 .
He was posthumously awarded the Grand Cordon of the Order of the Rising Sun .
He was a man of refined taste , and he was also a master of the art of warfare , and he was also a master of the art of Japanese archery at the same time .
He was also a master of Japanese archery at first , but later he devoted himself to the development of new industry .
He was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by disembowelment , but he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the order of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) because he was afraid that his older brother would be killed , so he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the order of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
It is said that when he was on his way home , he was attacked by an arrow and killed by an arrow by an arrow , and that he was also described as ' a person who had killed himself ' or ' a person who had killed himself . '
It is said that the reason why he returned to Japan was because of his father 's great achievement in the Battle of Toba and Fushimi , but it is not clear whether this is true or not .
It is said that he went back to Kyoto when he was three years old .
It is said that , when he was young , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to kill himself with a sword , and he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the lord of the domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , who was the lord of the Satsuma domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , who was the lord of the Satsuma domain , and so on .
Yodo YAMAUCHI , who was a feudal retainer of the Satsuma clan , was also involved in the plan to overthrow the Shogunate , but he was not involved in the plan .
It is said that he returned to Japan . '
Ryoma SAKAMOTO , who was a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east , ' said as follows :
It is said that if you do not want to do so , you may be careful not to do so .
On the other hand , he was ordered to be the next shogun by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to take advantage of his father 's death .
However , after the death of Emperor Meiji , he is said to have been a member of the Shinsengumi ( a group who guarded Kyoto during the end of Tokugawa Shogunate ) .
Although he was a member of the Imperial family , he died in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , so it is not clear whether he was a member of the Imperial family or not .
When the Battle of Toba-Fushimi broke out , he went to the east with his younger brother and went to the east with his retainers .
It is said that , when he was young , he went to the front with his wife and children , but he did not go to the front because of the influence of the politics of the time .
However , it is said that he did not follow the orders from the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , because he did not follow the orders from the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and also because of the strong resistance from the local ruling families in the vicinity of Lake Biwa , such as the Shimazu clan , the Tokugawa clan , the Tokugawa clan , and so on , and also because of this incident , he was forced to leave the castle after the fall of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
It is said that the reason why he returned to secular life was that he was not only a member of the Imperial Family but also a member of the Imperial Family who had a close relationship with the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and had a close relationship with the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , but also because of the fact that he had a close relationship with the Imperial Court and had a close relationship with the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and had a close relationship with the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and that he had a close relationship with the Imperial Court , which led him to the incident known as the ' Incident at the foot of Mt . Hiei . '
In the end of the Edo period , the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) tried to avoid the conflict between the two countries , however , it was decided that they would not be able to keep up with each other and that they would be able to keep up with each other until the end of the Edo period .
At the beginning of the Meiji period , he was a member of the House of Peers , and he became a member of the Shinsengumi ( a group who guarded Kyoto during the end of Tokugawa Shogunate ) .
In the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) together with his foster father , Kaoru INOUE .
In addition , there is a passage in the " Dainihonshi " ( Great history of Japan ) .
It is said that the contents of the letter were almost the same as those of other people who did not know about the incident at that time .
It is said that the reason why he became a priest was that he had no choice but to do with the policy of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and that ' he was killed in battle ' was because he had a close relationship with the Otomo clan , who had a close relationship with him and had a close relationship with him .
It is said that the second volume of " Dainihonshi " ( Great history of Japan ) , which was written after the death of Shogun Iemochi , was written .
It is said that , when Emperor Meiji visited the Imperial Palace , he asked for the permission for the marriage of his wife and children , but he refused the offer .
In addition , there was a case in which the head priest of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) was buried at Zojo-ji Temple and the head priest of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) was buried at Zojo-ji Temple .
According to the theory of the Emperor Komei , the Emperor was given the title of ' crown prince . '
After he returned to Japan , he had a close relationship with the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and it is said that he had a close relationship with the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ; however , he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the order of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , saying , ' I don 't want to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) . '
After the Battle of Sekigahara , there was a theory that says that he was a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east ' and that he was a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east ' ; however , the truth is not clear because of the historical fact that he was involved in the assassination of Emperor Goshirakawa and was involved in the assassination of Hideyoshi TOYOTOMI .
He was a vassal of the Matsudaira family and his wife was a daughter of a feudal retainer of Aizu Domain .
At that time , he was not only a doctor but also a doctor , and also a scholar of Japanese classical literature , and after he came back to Japan , he worked hard on the development of new fields such as English , English , German , German , and German , and so on .
It is said that there were many people who tried to make a sound by making a sound .
Even though he was a member of the committee , he did not have enough funds .
It is said that , when he was a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) , he was asked to write a draft of the original manuscript of the original manuscript of the original manuscript of the original , which was written by Soseki NATSUME , and then he was kept in the residence of Kaoru INOUE , who was a close friend of him .
He was a younger brother of Mitsukuni TOKUGAWA .
He was born as the second son of Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Taruhito on January 18 , 1849 .
He died at the age of 85 on January 6 , 1849 , and his real mother was from a branch family of the Kiyohara clan .
After the death of her husband , she was treated as a lady in the same way as in the past , but in the Meiji period , she gave birth to three sons and three daughters .
In the same year , he was raised to the peerage and became the second son of Imperial Prince Fushiminomiya Kuniie , the third son of Imperial Prince Fushiminomiya Kuniie , and also the younger brother of Imperial Prince Fushiminomiya Kuniie .
She was the wife of Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Takahito and the wife of Imperial Prince Fushimi Sadanaru .
She was the second daughter of Gon Dainagon ( a provisional chief councilor of state ) Masamichi TAKATSUKASA , and her real name was Masako YAMASHINA .
His lawful wife was Masako ( a daughter of Tadayoshi TODA , a feudal retainer of the Owari clan ) , and his second wife was Sadako NAKAYAMA .
The third son : SHO ( died on April 26 , 1895 )
He was born as the eldest son of Hitachi no suke ( Assistant Governor of Hitachi Province ) , and died on May 24 , 1903 at the age of 23 .
She was born on November 24 , 1903 , as the third daughter of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , and died on November 24 , 1930 .
April 12 , 1864 : He was the eldest son of Masahiro MAKINO , who had the title of Ukone no shosho ( Minor Captain of the Right Division of Inner Palace Guards ) and the first son of Kaoru INOUE .
The tenth son : SHO ( died young )
Second daughter : Princess Masako ( December 26 , 1871 - August 26 , 2000 )
Imperial Prince Fushimi Sadanaru , the ninth prince of Imperial Prince Fushiminomiya Kuniie , died on October 27 , 1930 .
The tenth son : SHO ( born in October , 1868 , died in November , 1945 )
The fourth daughter : Masako TOKUGAWA ( December 26 , 1866 - April 26 , 2000 )
July 1 , 1865 : He was born as the eldest son of Masayuki MAKINO , the 11th lord of the domain .
He was the eldest son of 700 years old , and his wife was a daughter of Kanbe FUJIMA ( the third ) .
He was a member of the House of Peers from the Meiji period to the early Showa period .
The eighth son : SHO ( died on May 24 , 1895 )
The fifth son of the eleventh family head , Tadateru MATSUDAIRA ( April 26 , 1868 - April 26 , 1995 )
The third son : SHO ( born in April , 1840 , died on April 26 , 1902 )
Second son : Imperial Prince Fushimi Sadanaru ( December 12 , 1850 - December 27 , 1931 ) , Jugoi ( Junior Fifth Rank )
The third daughter : Masako ( born in August , 1930 - died on July 26 , 1993 )
The ninth daughter : Princess Masako ( September 28 , 1864 - April 27 , 2001 ) , married to Kaoru INOUE .
The fourth daughter : Princess Yoshiko ( December 26 , 1864 - April 26 , 1974 ) was a member of the Imperial family .
She gave birth to two sons and a daughter ( the third daughter ) on November 27 , 1903 , and a daughter ( the wife of Kaoru INOUE ) on November 27 , 1930 .
August 1 , 1873 : He died .
The tenth son : SHO Tai ( died on May 24 , 1945 )
The ninth son : Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ( October 12 , 1905  December 24 , 1945 )
July 1 , 1873 : He was demoted from nobility to subject .
One of his younger sisters : Masako , the wife of Iesada TOKUGAWA
Novels
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA " Ukyo no daibu " ( Master of the Western Capital Offices )
" The Last Shogun Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA "
Film films
" Kurama Tengu " ( The Tengu of Mt . Kurama ) written by Ryotaro SHIBA
TV dramas
" NHK Taiga Drama " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Nizaemon KATAOKA the 13th )
" Shin Kabuki Eiga Monogatari " ( The Tale of the Taira Family ) ( Shochiku Co . , Ltd . , 1969 , portrayed by Koki KIMURA )
" Onmyoji " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Ryotaro SHIBA )
" NHK Taiga Drama " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Kazuo HASEGAWA )
Acted by Ryotaro SHIBA " Bakumatsu " ( New Year 's Theater ) Year 2006 , Year 2006 , by TV Asahi .
" Onna " ( Woman ) ( 1955 , Shochiku Co . , Ltd . ) was a film director .
" Samurai " ( Samurai drama series ) , released by TV Tokyo Broadcasting Corporation , 1967
" Taiheiki " ( The Record of the Great Peace ) , written by Ryotaro SHIBA , published by Yoshikawa Kobunkan in 1966 , by TV Tokyo .
" Shinsen-gumi " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Daisuke ITO )
" The Last Sword " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Akira KUROSAWA )
" Samurai " ( Samurai drama series ) , New Year 's Eve ( New Year 's period drama series ) , New Year 's Eve ( New Year 's period drama series ) , New Year 's Eve ( New Year 's period drama series ) , and New Year 's Eve ( New Year 's period drama series )
" Shin Heike Monogatari " ( New Tale of the Heike ) ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Daisuke ITO )
" Kasuga no Tsubone " ( TV drama ) ( Shochiku Co . , Ltd . , 1969 )
" Aoi no Ue " ( Lady Aoi ) , written by Hiroyuki KATO , published by Shochiku Co . , Ltd . , played by Shochiku Co . , Ltd . , was cast in the summer of 1930 .
" Shinsengumi ! " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Kazuo HASEGAWA )
" NHK Taiga Drama " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Kazuo HASEGAWA )
" The Story of the House of Sen " ( 1 volume )
Yukichi FUKUZAWA : ' The former president of the House of Representatives '
NHK Taiga Drama ( NHK Taiga Drama ) , " Ryoma ga Tsuji " ( NHK Taiga Drama )
...
Kyoto Station , located in Yamashina Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture , is a stop on the Sanin Main Line , which is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
The entire line is operated by West Japan Railway Company .
The line is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) , but it is also operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) when the line is extended from Kamo Station to Kyoto Station .
The details of the operation are as follows :
The name of the museum is derived from the fact that the number of people who visit this area is small .
West Japan Railway Company ( railway business operator )
Railway distance ( operating distance ) : 95 km
Track gauge : 160 mm
Number of stations : 6 ( including the starting and final stations )
Kamo Station - JR Kyoto Line / JR Tozai Line
Electrified section : entire line ( direct current 600 V )
Electrified section : Automatic block system ( automatic block system ) , automatic block system
Automatic ticket vending machine : Automatic block system
Operation section : Shin-Osaka General Operation Center
Design speed : 95 km / h ( exclusive speed : 95 km / h )
It is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) , but not by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
For example , the Nara Line of the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) , which used to be located in Kyoto City , is called the Kyoto Line .
At the same time , it was decided that the line would be extended to the east of the Nara Line , and that the line would be extended to the south of the current Nara Station ( Nara Prefecture ) via the Tokaido Main Line .
Nara Station , on the Nara Line of West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) , is located on the east side of the station .
On the other hand , the Nara Kotsu Bus Lines Co . , Ltd . , which started operating on the section between Kyoto Station and Shingu Station on the JR Tozai Line on the Kintetsu Kyoto Line on the same day , was established on March 1 , 1972 .
Kintetsu Bus Co . , Ltd . ( Nara Prefecture ) uses this station as the starting point .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 , ' which was the first class railway in Japan , started to be used .
Nara Station , located in the south of the station , is a stop on the Kintetsu Kyoto Line and the Kintetsu Nara Line .
In addition , in the case of Nara Electric Railway in the early part of the 20th century , the number of users was increased to only two , but in the case of Nara Electric Railway in the case of Osaka Municipal Subway in the case of Nara Electric Railway in the case of Osaka Municipal Subway in the case of Osaka Municipal Subway in the case of Osaka Municipal Subway in the case of the Kyoto Municipal Subway in the case of the Kyoto Municipal Subway in the case of the Nara Line in 1997 , the number of users was reduced to three and the number of passengers was reduced to four .
However , JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 113 and JNR / JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 113 started to run in the section between Kyoto Station and Higashi-Maizuru Station , and the number of the trains that stopped at this station gradually increased .
In addition , the area around the station is designated as a national historic site along with the surrounding area of Kyoto City and the surrounding area of Kyoto City .
However , the section between the east and west of the station and the section between the east and west of the station and the section between the east and west of the station and between the station and the station and the west of the station is very crowded .
The line is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) , while the line is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
East Japan Railway Company ( JR East ) and Central Japan Railway Company ( JR Central ) , both of which are mutually usable , are mutually usable with ICOCA and PiTaPa ( Surutto KANSAI Association ) .
The ticket gate of the station is located in the south of the station .
In addition , the express trains that stopped at this station from the direction of Kizu Station to the direction of Nara , and the express trains that stopped at this station from the direction of Kizu Station to the direction of Nara ( refer to the article of ' Special Rapid Service ' for details of the time and the section of ' Regional Rapid Service ' for details of the time ) .
Local trains run on the Kintetsu Kyoto Line .
Local trains stop at every station on the Uji Line , and all trains stop at every station .
The nickname ' Biwako Express ' was used for the first time in the past .
Nara Kotsu Bus Lines Co . , Ltd . , operates bus services from the area around Kyoto Station to the area .
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 207 and JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 113 are used .
The maximum speed of the regular railway line is 120 km / h and the maximum speed of the regular railway line is 120 km / h .
It is a short distance between Kyoto and Nara , and the distance between Osaka and Nara is 30 minutes .
The trains stop at this station and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 at Kyoto Station , while the trains depart from and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 .
15 minutes walk from Oyamazaki Station on the Keihan Main Line .
History
March 1 , 2001 : The operation started .
March 15 , 2001 : The station was upgraded to a stop at which rapid trains stopped .
It is operated during the morning rush hours .
From Uji Station ( JR West ) , the trains stop at every station on the Uji Line .
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 207 is used for local trains and local trains .
Local trains stop at every station on the Uji Line , and all trains stop at every station .
Rapid trains stop at every station on the Nara Line .
According to the " Engishiki " ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) , it was decided that the trains would run between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station , and that the trains would depart from and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 and depart from Platform 4 and depart from Platform 4 , and that the trains would depart from and depart from and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 .
It is operated as a special rapid train bound for Nara on Saturdays and holidays .
It is operated in the morning and evening .
On New Year 's Eve , the number of passengers boarding at this station was increased to four in the early morning and late evening ( in the late evening ) .
Rapid trains that arrive at and depart from Platform 4 and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 at Kyoto Station , but it is not clear whether the rapid trains that depart from and arrive at and depart at and depart from Platform 4 .
JR ( West ) Commuter Train Series 207 is used for local trains and local trains during the daytime .
At the same time , trains run on the Nara Line and run on the same track .
On the other hand , in the early morning of New Year 's Eve , there was a description that ' if you take a train from the direction of the direction of the moon , you will be able to obtain a train from the direction of the moon , ' and on the other hand , it was decided that ' if you take a train from the direction of the moon , you will be able to find a train from the direction of the moon , ' and on the other hand , it was decided that the train will be operated from the direction of Nara to JR Nanba and that the train will be operated from JR Nanba to JR Nanba .
This platform is used for the trains that depart from and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 .
It is operated between Kyoto Station and Tenri Station .
The number of trains arriving at and departing from and departing from Kyoto Station during the daytime is approximately 95 per hour .
JR ( West ) Commuter Train Series 207 is used for all trains .
During the morning rush hour , trains run directly to the JR Tozai Line .
On the other hand , the Nara Line ( Yamatoji Line ) and the Sakurai Line ( Yamatoji Line ) began operating on the first day of the New Year 's Day in 1997 .
Only local trains stop at this station on the Nara Line .
1949 : The JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 started to run between Kyoto Station and Amanohashidate Station , and the trains that ran between Osaka Station and Amanohashidate Station were called ' Express ( train ) ' and ' Limited Express ( train ) , ' respectively .
On the other hand , it was decided that the special rapid train would be operated on the day of the inauguration of the JR Tozai Line ( JR Kyoto Line ) in March 2001 , and that the special rapid train would be operated on the day of the inauguration .
At the same time , trains run between Kyoto and Nara on the Tokaido Main Line ( Yamatoji Line ) , but they don 't run on the Sanyo Main Line .
In the early morning of January 1 , 2008 , it was decided that the trains would arrive at and depart from the center of the city , and that the trains would depart from and depart from the center of the city , while the trains would depart from and arrive at and depart from the center of the city .
The trains stop at every station on the Katamachi Line .
On the other hand , the trains that arrive at and depart from Platform 3 from and depart from Platform 3 during the New Year holidays were operated between Kyoto and Osaka .
The trains that arrive at and depart from this station started making stops at this station in 1997 .
During the morning rush hours in the morning and evening rush hours in the evening , the line was designated as a special rapid train .
On the other hand , the trains of JR West use Platform 1 .
Nara Kotsu Bus Lines Co . , Ltd . , operates two round-trip services a day from the east exit of the station to the east exit of the station on the Nara Line , and from the west exit of the station to the east exit of the station .
It is Nara Train Depot .
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 207
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 207 and JNR / JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 113 are also used .
Local trains run on the same platform as those of ' Rapid Service ' and ' Regional Rapid Service , ' but they run on the same platform during the daytime .
The train cars of this type are operated only during the daytime .
Train Series 113
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 113 is used for local trains and local trains , but it is also used for rapid trains that stop at every station between Osaka and Kyotanabe .
The cars of this type were transferred from the Osaka Loop Line to the Hanwa Line .
At the same time , the section between Kyoto Station and Nara Station of the Tokaido Main Line was opened to traffic .
In the same year , the former Tokaido Main Line ( Main Line ) and the former Tokaido Main Line ( Main Line ) started operating between Kyoto and Yokohama , and the latter half of the same year , the latter half of which ran between Kyoto and Osaka , and the latter half of which ran between Kyoto and Osaka , and the latter half of which ran between Kyoto and Osaka .
At the same time , the Nara Electric Railway ( currently the Kintetsu Kyoto Line ) started the construction of a new station on the east side of the station .
November 12 , 1897 : The station opened as a facility of the Tokaido Main Line ( the present-day JR Kyoto Line ) .
Inari Station commenced operation .
November 12 , 1897 : The station was inaugurated when the section between Kyoto and Nara on the Tokaido Main Line was opened .
Fushimi Station opened .
Keihan Kyoto Main Line
November 1 : The line between Iwakura Station and Mukomachi Station opened .
Station 's station opened .
November 1 , 1896 : The station opened as a branch line of the Japan National Railways ( the second branch line ) with the opening of the line .
JR Tozai Line : Rokujizo Station - Rokujizo Station - Uji Station
November 1 : The line between Kusatsu and Kizu ( between Kizu and Kizu ) was opened to traffic .
Shiki Station - Kizu Station - Kizu Station
November 1 : The line between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station was opened to traffic by extending the line .
April 12 : The station opened .
November 1 , 1897 : The station was renamed as Inari Station of the Nara Electric Railway .
April 1 , 1918 : The station opened .
October 1 : The unit of operation distance was shortened from miles to meters , and the unit of operation distance was changed from miles to meters .
October 1 , 1898 : The station became a Kansai Railway Company station as a result of amalgamation .
October 1 , 1907 : The Kansai Railway Company was nationalized .
October 1 , 1897 : The station was inaugurated as a facility of Kyoto City Trams .
October 1 , 1895 : The station was inaugurated as a facility on the Nara Line of the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
November 1 , 1896 : The station was opened when the section between Yodo and Okubo was opened .
June 1 , 1897 : The station opened as a facility of the Kyoto - Sonobe section .
January 22 , 1898 : The station was abolished .
August 1 , 1918 : The station was abolished .
April 1 , 1896 : The station opened with the extension of the line between Tenmabashi Station and Shin-Kizu Station .
June 1 : The line between Kyoto Station and Shin-Kizu Station was opened ( the line between Nagoya Station and Shin-Kizu Station opened ) .
The operating distance ( operation distance ) of the line was extended to Maizuru Station .
The line between Inari Station and Fushimi Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) became a double line .
- The section between Otani Station and Nagao Station ( freight branch line ) opened .
April 1 , 1898 : The station was relocated to the south side of Kamo Station .
November 1 , 1902 : The operation of the station commenced .
The line between Kamo Station and Shin-Kizu Station was abolished .
November 1 , 1898 : The entire line was extended and opened to traffic .
Fushimi Station was abolished .
April 1 , 1930 : The unit of operation distance was changed from miles to meters ( from miles to meters ) .
November 1 , 1957 : The station was upgraded to a station , and the station was upgraded to a station located on the west side of the station .
November 12 , 1928 : The station opened concurrently with the opening of the station .
December 12 , 1928 : Hanazono Station commenced operation .
November 1 , 2003 : The station was inaugurated .
April 1 , 1949 : The station opened .
April 1 , 1984 : The operation of electric cars started .
October 1 , 1984 : The section between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station was electrified .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113
Tokaido Main Line ( Biwako Line ) and Sanyo Main Line ( Biwako Line )
April 1 , 1987 : The station became a facility of the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) due to the division and privatization of JNR .
Japan Freight Railway Company ( JR West ) took over the railway business .
March 1 , 2000 : The JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 183 started operating .
April 15 , 2002 : The station opened .
It is a stop at Kyoto Station .
July 1 , 2000 : The JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 was introduced .
( West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) Suburban Train Series 207 )
April 1 , 1997 : The station was inaugurated as a facility of the Tozai Line .
March 15 , 2000 : The station became a stop at which express trains stop .
April 1 , 2000 : The Uji Line and the JR Tozai Line started operating between Uji Station and Uji Station .
JR Ogura Station opened .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113
March 15 : The rapid express trains began making stops at every station on the line .
March 15 , 2001 : The station became a stop for rapid trains that stopped at every station between Uji Station and Tofukuji Station .
Japan Freight Railway Company ( JR West ) started operations on the same day .
October 1 , 2000 : The section between Platform 2 and Platform 4 was extended to begin operating .
July 12 , 1977 : The construction of the new building was completed .
October 1 , 2000 : The Kyoto Municipal Transportation Bureau began operating .
It is said that the total length of the station was nearly equal to that of the former Tokaido Main Line and that the length of the station was equal to that of the former Tokaido Main Line , while that of the former Keihan Main Line was equal to that of the JR Tozai Line .
Keihan Electric Railway Co . , Ltd . , operates two different lines : one on the east side of the station and the other on the west side of the station ; and the other on the east side of the station is on the east side of the station ; and another on the west side of the station is on the west side of the station .
As mentioned above , the section between Kyoto Station and Sonobe Station was opened to traffic and the entire line was opened to traffic .
Keihan Electric Railway Co . , Ltd . , operates a special express bus that starts from and ends at this station and ends at this station .
The station building of the Osaka Municipal Subway Tozai Line was moved to the south side of the station .
Uji Station and stations on the JR Tozai Line are as follows :
According to the Kyoto Prefecture Statistics Report
( from / to Kyoto Station ) - Rokujizo Station - Rokujizo Station - ( from / to Yamato-Saidaiji Station )
According to the Kyoto Prefecture Statistics Report
Number of stations : 32 ( including the starting point and terminal station )
Keiji Bypass is a community bus stop located in Ayabe City , Kyoto Prefecture .
The area around the station is designated as an administrative district .
The section of National Route 24 , which is under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism , is under construction .
From the south exit of the station , the Meishin Expressway , the Meishin Expressway , and the Meishin Expressway run through Osaka City from north to south .
Meishin Expressway ( National Route 9 ) : Kyoto Minami Interchange - Meishin Expressway  Meishin Expressway  Meishin Expressway  Meishin Expressway  National Highway 1  Meishin Expressway  Meishin Expressway  Meishin Expressway  National Highway 1  Meishin Expressway  Meishin Expressway  Meishin Expressway  Meishin Expressway
The construction of the Tokaido Main Line and the Kyoto Outer Loop Expressway were completed in the same year , and the construction of the National Route No. 24 Kyoto Outer Loop Expressway and the National Route No. 24 Kyoto Outer Loop Expressway were planned .
The section between the east and west of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) is designated as National Highway Route No. 24 .
The section between the Oyamazaki Interchange and the Oyamazaki Interchange is under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism .
In addition to the above , there is a special route bus service ( free of charge ) and a special route bus service ( free of charge ) .
Please refer to the section on ' Keiji Bypass ' for details .
Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture
Oyamazaki-cho , Otokuni-gun , Kyoto Prefecture
Height above sea level : 16 km
Road width : 2 lanes
Design speed : 95 km / h
June 31 , 2000 : The construction of the steam locomotive was completed .
Shiga Prefecture
Kyoto Prefecture
Uji City : Oyamazaki-cho , Otokuni-gun , Kyoto Prefecture
Meishin Expressway No. 8 Interchange - Meishin Expressway
Meishin Expressway ( Kyoto Tanba Interchange ) : Meishin Expressway
Oyamazaki Interchange - Oyamazaki Interchange - Oyamazaki Interchange - Meishin Expressway
Keinawa Expressway runs under the bridge .
The facilities of the facility are not open to the public .
Roads are operated by local municipalities unless otherwise specified .
West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) : Kusatsu Line
( The section between the east exit of the station and the west exit of the station and between the east exit of the station and the west exit of the station )
October 12 , 2000 : The entire line was extended to the east of the Kizu Interchange .
November 1 , 2000 : The entire line was opened .
After the establishment of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism , the construction of Shinkansen was started .
October 1 , 1898 : The entire line was extended and opened to traffic .
October 1 , 2005 : The station opened .
Fiscal year 2005 Average Traffic Volume ( Road Traffic Volume )
Oyamazaki Interchange - Oyamazaki Interchange
The section between the east side of the station and the west side of the station is under construction , and the section between the east side of the station and the west side is under construction .
At the end of the year , it was planned to build a studio in the vicinity of the main building of the " Red Cross Sutra . "
The section between the east side of the station and the west side of the station is under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism , and the section between the two stations is under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism .
In addition to the above , there are some areas where people can get on and off from the bus stop , such as the area around the station , the area around the station , the area around the station , the area around the station , the area around the station , and the area around the station ( including the National Route 9 and the National Route 9 ) .
However , the construction of the Tokaido Main Line was delayed due to the fact that the track of the Tokaido Main Line was elevated and the track of the Tokaido Main Line was elevated .
From the direction of Osaka , there are two routes : one is to the right and the other is to the left while the other is to the right .
On the other hand , there are some areas where people can get on and off the train when they get on and off the train and get off the train at the same time .
National Route 1 runs through the town .
For example , the section north of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) , the section south of the station , and the section south of the station are operated by the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism .
The section between the Kamo Interchange and the Kamo Interchange opened .
For example , the section between the east side of the station and the west side of the station is open to traffic .
The section between the two stations is so narrow that it is difficult for people to get on and off the road .
Uji City - Yawata City - Joyo City - Joyo City - Joyo City
Kumiyama Town Office ( Kyoto Prefecture )
East is upper , and west is lower .
The left is on the left and right side is on the right .
Fiscal year 2005 Average Traffic Volume ( Road Traffic Volume )
2 chome , Minami Ward , Osaka City
Kumiyama Town Hall - Yawata City Hall
Kizu Regional Development Bureau ( Kinki Regional Transport Bureau )
Kyoto Prefecture Road No. 8 , Kyoto Tanba Road No. 8 , National Road No. 27 , Kyoto Road Road No. 27 , Maizuru Road Road
Kyoto Prefecture Road Public Corporation ( tentative name : Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism )
Kosho-ji Temple , located in Maizuru City , Kyoto Prefecture , is a temple of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) .
The Otani school of the Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) is one of the schools of the Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) and one of the schools of the Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) .
In 1941 , the formal name of the temple was changed to Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) to ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple . '
The name of the street comes from the fact that the street is called ' Nishi Shichijo , ' and the street is called ' Nishi Shichijo . '
( Refer to the article on the history of Hongan-ji Temple for details . )
In 1596 , after the death of Hideyoshi TOYOTOMI , the temple was given the honorific mountain prefix of Nishi Hongan-ji Temple by the Imperial Court and became a branch temple of Nishi Hongan-ji Temple .
The name of the street comes from the fact that the street in the east of Higashiyama Ward ( Kyoto City ) , which runs from north to south in the east to west in the west of Higashiyama Ward , Kyoto City .
In 1941 , it was divided into two groups : one group and the other group , and the other group was integrated into one group , and the group was integrated into one group .
At the same time , the Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) was founded at the foot of Mt . Funaoka , and the name of the temple was changed to ' Bukko-ji Temple ' and the name of the temple was changed to ' Bukko-ji Temple ' and the name of the temple was changed to ' Bukko-ji Temple . '
The name of the school is derived from the fact that the Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) and the Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) do not use the name of the school .
See the details of the uprising .
At the beginning of the Showa period , the temple had a large number of cultural properties including paintings and paintings , but when the temple was destroyed by fire during the Battle of Sekigahara , it was designated as a national important cultural property under the protection of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
The principal image is Amida Nyorai ( Amitabha Tathagata ) , which was burned down during the Great Fire of the Tenmei era .
The Sanmon gate is one of the three gates in Japan .
Color on silk portrait of Shinran Shonin ( national treasure ) .
The area around the station is designated as a World Heritage Site .
He was the present chief priest of Otani University .
National Treasure
Important Cultural Properties
Take the Kyoto City Subway Tozai Line to Kyoto Station .
University
Otani University
Kyoto Koka Women 's University
Osaka Otani University
Junior high school
Osaka University of Art
Osaka Music School
Osaka Women 's University
Myoren-ji Temple ( Maizuru City )
Kyoto Prefectural First Senior High School ( old education system ) was established .
It is abbreviated as ' ki . '
He was the first president of Doshisha University .
In 1871 , he became a professor at the University of Tokyo .
The rolling stock used for the operation of the line was changed to Express .
1870 : The School of Science was renamed as the School of Medicine .
The second temporary teacher training school , temporary teacher training school , Tokyo Imperial University ( closed in 1886 )
In 1886 : First temporary teacher training school , temporary teacher training school , temporary teacher training school
In 1880 , he became a professor at Osaka School of Foreign Languages ( present-day Osaka University ) .
In 1898 , he became a professor at Osaka Prefectural University .
In 1880 , he became a professor at Osaka Prefectural University .
In 1886 , he became an instructor at the Third Higher Middle School ( old education system ) .
In 1890 , he became a professor at the University of Tokyo , and then became a professor at the University of Tokyo .
Faculty of Medicine was renamed Faculty of Medicine .
In the same year , he became a professor of Kyoto Prefectural First Junior High School ( present-day Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City ) .
Faculty of Economics was established .
In 1891 , he became the principal of the Third Higher School .
Doshisha Junior High School ( under the old system ) was closed .
The Faculty of Engineering was established .
In 1890 , he was transferred to the Department of Political Science of Kyoto Imperial University ( current Faculty of Letters ) .
Faculty of Law ( Faculty of Law ) was established in the same year .
In 1898 , the Faculty of Medicine was established .
Faculty of Letters , Faculty of Letters , Kyoto Imperial University , was established in 1939 , and Faculty of Letters was established in the same year .
The following year , he became a regular course at the Third High School ( old system ) .
It was renamed as Faculty of Commerce in the same year .
Graduate School of Social Welfare and Graduate School of Social Welfare were established in 2001 .
2007 : The Faculty of Social Studies was established .
Faculty of Commerce was abolished .
Faculty of Social Studies and Faculty of Social Studies were established in 1997 .
Refer to the article on the History of Japan .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is a god ( Shinto ) who appears in Japanese Mythology .
Ame no Minakanushi no Kami was also known as ' Ame no Minakanushi no Kami ' in ancient times .
It is a shrine where the sun god is enshrined .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) appears in " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) .
It is also known as Ame no Minakanushi no Mikoto .
The " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) gives the same name as the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
There is a theory that he was not a male god but a female god .
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , it was decided that the gods of heaven and earth should be the same as those of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , and that the gods of heaven and earth should be the same as those of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , and that the gods of heaven and earth should be the same as those of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
The Three Sacred Treasures of the Imperial Family , the Yata no Kagami ( mirror ) , and the Yasakani no magatama ( comma-shaped jewel ) , are collectively referred to as the Three Sacred Treasures of the Imperial Family .
Originally , it was written in kanji ( Chinese characters ) , but now it is also written in kanji ( Chinese characters ) .
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , the god is considered to have been a member of the Imperial Family .
Descriptions in mythology
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , when Izanagi went back to his hometown , he found out that he had a sexual intercourse with his wife , Izanami , in the middle of the night .
He was born as the third son of Izanagi and Izanami , and he was also born as the third son of Izanagi .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) was ordered to go back to his country .
Izanagi went to the land of the dead of his mother , Izanami , on the way back from the land of the dead to the land of the dead .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) hid herself in the Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi Sword ( Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi Sword ) , which was a symbol of the prosperity of the Otomo clan , and ordered her to go to the east along with her father , Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , who was born between the two gods , Izanagi and Izanami , is said to have given birth to a sword and a sword .
It is said that he was born between Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) and Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
Amenokoyane no Mikoto
Ame no Minakanushi no Kami
Yamatohime no Kami
KASAYA Shrine
Yamatohime no Mikoto
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) hid herself in the Ama no iwato ( Cave of Heaven ) of the Ama no iwato ( Cave of Heaven ) .
The life and death of a person in this world will last long .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , who was ordered by her father , Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) to go to the land of the dead , and then to the land of the dead , and then to the sea of the land of the dead .
Ashihara no Nakatsukuni ( literally , " Central Land of Reed Plains , " which refers to the human world , which refers to the human world ) was ordered to go back to his hometown , Awa Province .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , who was about to go back to his hometown , Ashihara no Nakatsukuni ( literally , " Central Land of Reed Plains , " which refers to the " Central Land of Reed Plains , " which refers to the human world ) , was born , and he became a priest .
Commentary
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is said to have given birth to a child of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , but it is not known whether this is true or not because of the fact that they were ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , or because they were ordered by the Emperor .
It is considered to be a part of the Shinto religion from ancient times .
The name of the god ' comes from the fact that the wife of the god ' is a daughter of the god . '
It is said that the gods of heaven and earth were born from the same family , but they were originally from the same family .
One of the reasons for this is that the Empress Jito , who lived in the early part of the seventh century , was the same person as her mother , Empress Jito .
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , it was decided that , on the other hand , it was decided that , on the other hand , the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) , the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) , the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) , and the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) , the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) , and the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) , which was established in the early part of the 8th century , would be better and better , it would be better to make use of the original form .
According to the " Engishiki " ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) , the main building of the shrine was made of wood , wood , Japanese cypress , Japanese cypress , Japanese cypress , Japanese cypress , Japanese cypress , Japanese cypress , Japanese cypress , and Japanese cypress .
There are two theories regarding the origin of the word , one is that it was created during the reign of Emperor Sujin , and the other is that it was created during the reign of Emperor Suizei , and the other is that it was created during the reign of Emperor Suizei .
It is said that , in the past , there was a custom in which people in the eastern part of Japan and people in the eastern part of Japan came to believe that this was because of the influence of the influence of the Chinese continent .
The " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) also states that this is the beginning of the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
The following is a summary of the incident .
645 : The Taika Reforms took place .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) was not enshrined in this shrine .
Ame no Murakumo no Tsurugi ' is used for ' Ame no Murakumo no Tsurugi . '
She is the only goddess to be referred to as a ' goddess . '
In the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , there is a description that " the shrine is located at the back of the main building of the shrine , while in the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , the shrine is located at the back of the main building of the shrine , and in the " Shinsen Shojiroku " ( Newly Compiled Register of Clan Names and Titles of Nobility ) , the shrine is located at the back of the main building , and in the " Shinsen Shojiroku " ( Newly Compiled Register of Clan Names and Titles of Nobility ) , the shrine is located at the back of the main building . "
The clan was descended from the same ancestor as the Mononobe clan , and the clan was descended from the same ancestor as the Ame no Murakumo no Tsurugi ( Ame no Murakumo no Tsurugi ) .
He was a younger paternal half-brother of Empress Jingu .
672 : The Jinshin War occurred .
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , it is a god with a long nose and a long nose .
In addition , there is a theory that the name of the god is derived from ' Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi ' ( one of the Three Sacred Treasures of the Imperial Family ) and ' Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi ' ( one of the Three Sacred Treasures of the Imperial Family ) .
The shrine was designated a Kanpei Taisha ( shrine listed in the Engishiki ( List of Official Shrines ) ) in 1895 .
Amaterasu Omikami ' ( the Sun Goddess ) is a Shinto deity .
She was a goddess .
She was the empress of the Emperor Yuryaku , and was also a symbol of the prosperity of the ancient times .
In the past , the honorific title ' Tenno ' was also used .
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , it is said that the shrine was named after the posthumous Buddhist name of the Emperor , and that the shrine was named after the posthumous name of the Emperor , and that the shrine was named after the place where the shrine was located .
In 1872 , he became a Shinto priest of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) and was enshrined at the Yasukuni-jinja Shrine .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , the Sun Goddess , and the Sun Goddess ( the Sun Goddess ) , all of whom were originally from the same family , were given the title of ' Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , ' and they were given the title of ' Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , ' while Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , the sun god ( the Sun Goddess ) and the sun god ( the Sun Goddess ) , which were from the same family , were given the title of ' Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , ' and they were also given the title of ' Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) . '
It is said that the reason why the gods of heaven and earth were separated was because ' the gods of heaven and earth , ' ' the gods of earth and earth , ' ' the gods of earth , ' ' the gods of earth and earth , ' ' the God of earth , ' ' the God of the land , ' ' the Buddha of the land , ' ' the Buddha of the land , ' ' the Buddha of the land , ' ' the Buddha of the land , ' and so on , was that there was a strong opposition between them .
It is said that ' if you go to the capital , you will not be able to get rid of the disease , ' and that ' if you go to the capital , you will be able to get rid of the disease , ' and the prosperity of the prosperity of the family and the prosperity of the family and the prosperity of the family .
After the demise of Emperor Meiji , it was decided that the Imperial Throne should be returned to the original Emperor .
It is said that this was the beginning of the separation of Buddhism and Shintoism , but in fact , it was the time when the authority of the Imperial Court was strengthened .
Refer to State Shinto .
According to the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) , she became a nun and gave birth to a child .
In addition , there is a description that says that ' if you go to the world of the gods , you will not be able to get rid of the spirit of the sun and the moon , ' and that if you go to the world of the gods , you will be able to get rid of the spirit of the sun from the direction of the sun .
On the other hand , there is a theory that says that the number of people who were not allowed to participate in the war was limited to three , and that the number of people who were not allowed to participate in the war was limited to three .
In 1928 , he was designated as a national important cultural property by the Imperial Household Agency ( Nara City ) .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is a symbol of the prosperity of Japan .
Izanagi and Izanami were born in the form of a ' Chinese character ' that was different from each other , and they were born in the form of a ' Chinese character ' that was different from each other in the form of a Chinese character .
Enshrined deities in the main shrine
The shrines that enshrine Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) are listed in the Engishiki ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) as well as in other shrines that enshrine Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
The shintai ( an object of worship housed in a Shinto shrine and believed to contain the spirit of a deity ) is located at the east end of the bridge .
The most important shrine in Japan is Ise-jingu Shrine , and the grand festival is held at the shrine .
Bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered the use of the kanji ( Chinese characters ) " ho " ( pronounced " ho " in Japanese ) and " ho " ( pronounced " ho " in Japanese ) .
He was also known as a man of high virtue .
( He was not allowed to wear a sword . )
They were originally a group of people living in the area .
In addition , in the medieval period , the term ' Samurai ' was used to refer to a person who had a close relationship with the Imperial Court .
Shugo daimyo ( Japanese provincial military governors that became daimyo , which were Japanese feudal lords ) in the Sengoku Period ( Period of Warring States ) .
Sengoku daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) in the Sengoku period ( period of warring states ) ( Japan ) saw this as a symbol of their control over their own territories .
The Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) in the Sengoku period ( period of warring states ) had a custom of giving a portion of the name of a territory as a reward .
A hatamoto ( direct retainers of the bakufu , which is a form of Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) with a stipend of less than 10,000 koku ( crop yields ) was called daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
In addition , the term " sengoku daimyo " ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) refers to the following :
The history of the domain in the Edo period is as follows .
For details , refer to the article of the Sengoku daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) .
Daimyo in the Edo period
In the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , the three families , namely the Tokugawa family , the Asano family , and the Asano family , were promoted to the rank of Jugoi ( Junior Fifth Rank ) .
Fudai daimyo ( a daimyo in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) and hatamoto ( direct retainers of the bakufu , which is a form of Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , such as the Battle of Sekigahara , the Battle of Sekigahara , the Battle of Sekigahara , the Battle of Sekigahara , and the Battle of Sekigahara , were granted the family name of Matsudaira and the family name of Matsudaira .
After the death of Shogun Hidetada TOKUGAWA , he was given the family name of Matsudaira by the Imperial Court , and he was given the family name of Matsudaira from the Imperial Court and became a vassal of the Tokugawa shogunate , while retaining his position as a member of the House of Peers , he was given the family name of Matsudaira from the Imperial Court and was given the family name of Matsudaira from the Imperial Court , and he was given the family name of Matsudaira from the Imperial Court and became a retainer of the Tokugawa shogunate .
In the same year , he was adopted by Ieyasu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Owari Domain , and became the second son of Ieyasu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Echizen Domain .
In the same year , he was appointed as a member of the Gotairo ( Council of Five Elders ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and became a member of the Gotairo ( Council of Five Elders ) of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) as well as a member of the Gotairo ( Council of Five Elders ) of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and it is said that he became a member of the Gotairo ( Council of Five Elders ) of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) after the Battle of Sekigahara .
In addition , in the case of the former lord of the domain , the Ii clan , the Uesugi clan , and the Mori clan , the lord of the domain , were punished by being deprived of their official ranks , and in the case of the latter half of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , the Asano clan , the Mori clan , the lord of the domain , was punished by being deprived of their official ranks by being deprived of their official ranks , privileges , privileges , and properties .
This led to the military power of the warrior class .
At the time of the Battle of Sekigahara , the Ii clan was a branch family of the Tokugawa clan , and was also a tozama daimyo ( nonhereditary feudal lord ) .
In addition , there was an incident in which a vassal who was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
For example , in the case of the Mori clan , the lord of the Yonezawa Domain in Dewa Province , the lord of the Uwajima Domain in Iyo Province , the lord of the Uwajima Domain in Iyo Province , the lord of the Satsuma Domain , the lord of the Aizu Domain , the lord of the Aizu Domain , and the lord of the Aizu Domain in Dewa Province , the lord of the Sendai Domain in Dewa Province , the lord of the Satsuma Domain , the lord of the Satsuma Domain , and the vassal of the Satsuma Domain in the Edo period , the lord of the Satsuma Domain , the lord of the Satsuma Domain , the lord of the domain , and the vassal of the Satsuma Domain , the lord of the domain , and the vassal of the Satsuma Domain , the Mori clan in the form of the Seiwa-Genji ( Minamoto clan ) , there were quite a few examples where the former daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord of the Sendai Domain ) , and the former daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord of the Sendai Domain ) , and
In addition , in the case of the former case of the former case , the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the Kaga domain of Kaga Domain , the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the feudal lords of the territory of the territory of the territory of the territory of the Kaga Domain and the Kaga Domain , the former
For details , please refer to the article on " The Family Tree of the Tokugawa Family . "
Daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) in the Sengoku period ( period of warring states ) had more than 10,000 koku ( crop yields ) of rice in their territories , and they had more than 10,000 koku ( crop yield ) in their territories .
In addition , there was a system in which a person was allowed to ride a horse .
His territory was 10,000 koku , and his family was a branch family of the Ogasawara clan in Shimotsuke Province .
It is said that he was a descendant of the Ashikaga clan .
In the same year , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) and daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) to build a new system .
In addition , in the early Edo period , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) to take care of the price of rice for the sake of the war .
It is also known as Buke Shohatto ( Laws for the Military Houses ) .
He was a member of Kizokuin ( the House of Peers ) and a viscount .
He was a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) who lived in castle town .
In addition , there is a tea room in front of the main gate of the Edo-jo Castle .
He was a vassal of the shogun family .
They were ordered by the Tokugawa shogunate to take care of the castle town and castle town .
In addition , there are some cases where a person who is in charge of the construction is in charge of the construction .
The Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) to build a castle at the foot of Mt . Tsukuba .
He was a feudal retainer of the domain .
In addition , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to make a living by collecting money from wealthy merchants and merchants .
Daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) in charge of guarding the Imperial Palace .
Fushin fushin :
He held a tea ceremony party .
In addition , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) in charge of guarding the Imperial Palace .
It is eaten with a small amount of water and is eaten with chopsticks .
At the same time , it is also said that there is a tea room .
It is made from fish meat and meat .
In addition , he was given a license to carry a sword .
It is a very large dish .
In addition to the above , there is a description that says that he was good at making lacquer ware and lacquer ware .
It is made of plain wood .
In the early-modern times , the word ' manga ' was used to refer to the documents written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) or kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) as well as the documents written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) or kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
It was not until the Edo period that the word ' Kosode ' came to be used as a general noun .
In addition , there is a description that says that ' in the Edo period , there was a custom of using two different kinds of kanji ( Chinese characters ) for each of the two types of kanji ( Chinese characters ) and kanji ( Chinese characters ) for each of the two types of kanji ( Chinese characters ) . '
From the beginning of the Edo period , the word ' sankyoku ' came to be used in the broad sense .
Shugo daimyo ( shugo , which were Japanese provincial military governors , that became daimyo , which were Japanese feudal lords )
Fudai daimyo ( a daimyo in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) and tozama daimyo ( nonhereditary feudal lord )
Domains
Daimyo ( feudal lord )
