Horin-ji Temple
Eisai was a Buddhist monk who lived in the early Kamakura period .
Founder of the Soto Sect .
At that time , he was described as a master of calligraphy .
The term is also used to refer to a person .
His shigo ( posthumous name ) was Daito Kokushi .
He was also known as Dogen .
It is said that there was a custom of placing hot water on the surface of hot spring water and eating it .
There is a theory that the origin of the name comes from the fact that it was a tree planted in the middle of the night .
His father was Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) Gon Dainagon ( a provisional chief councilor of state ) , MINAMOTO no Yoritomo , and his mother was from the same family .
His father was MINAMOTO no Yoritomo , who had the title of Gon Dainagon ( provisional chief councilor of state ) , and his mother was a daughter of MINAMOTO no Yoshinaka , who had the title of Ukyo no daibu ( Master of the Western Capital Offices ) .
His father was MINAMOTO no Akifusa , who was Udaijin ( minister of the right ) .
His first wife was a daughter of Yoshitsune KUJO , and later he was promoted to Chunagon ( vice-councilor of state ) ( there is a theory that he died young ) .
It is said that , after the death of his father , he was given the title of Kanpaku ( chief adviser to the Emperor ) , but it is said that he did not have a close relationship with the Kujo family because he had a close relationship with the Kujo family and had a close relationship with the Kujo family ( according to one theory , he had a close relationship with the Kujo family and had a close relationship with the Kujo family ) .
In addition , there is a theory that says that he was a child of Shinran , the founder of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) .
It is said that the first half of the book was " Commentary on the Pure Land " written by Sogi .
In the same year , he became a priest in Mt . Hiei with his father .
In the same year , he became a priest and was given the title of Daishi ( a title of respect given to close female relatives of the Emperor or a woman of comparable standing ) of Mt . Hiei .
He became a priest of Enryaku-ji Temple on Mt . Hiei in Tendai Sect .
In 1225 , he became a priest of Tofuku-ji Temple on Mt . Koya .
In the same year , he entered the Buddhist priesthood and was given the title of Kokushi ( provincial governor ) of Higo Province ( Kumamoto Prefecture ) .
He returned to Japan in 1212 .
He became the chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple in Kyoto City .
After the incident , he lived in Mt . Hiei .
In December of the same year , he was appointed to the governor of Echizen Province by the order of his father , and he was appointed as the governor of Echizen Province .
The origin of the name of the street comes from the residence of the chief priest of Daitoku-ji Temple in Ono Village , Omi Province ( present-day Ono , Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture ) .
In 1602 , he founded Kosho-ji Temple in Izumi Province .
In the same year , he succeeded to the position of chief priest of Tofuku-ji Temple and changed his name to Tofuku-ji Temple .
After becoming a priest , he went to Kamakura to study under FUJIWARA no Yoritsune and MINAMOTO no Yoriie .
It was in the period of the Northern and Southern Courts ( Japan ) , but it was in the period of the Northern and Southern Courts ( Japan ) that he went back to Kyoto .
In the same year , he died at the age of 44 , and in the same year , he succeeded to the position of chief priest of Tofuku-ji Temple on Mt . Koya , but he died at the age of 44 at the age of 55 .
It is said that he died of illness .
One of the reasons for the above is that , in order to avoid confusion with other schools of Buddhism , only one of the six schools of the Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) and one of the six schools of the Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) did not allow one to be able to be able to reach enlightenment , but instead , one of the reasons for the above was that if one was not able to reach enlightenment , one would not be able to reach enlightenment .
It is said that the Jodo Shu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , but the truth is not known .
This is the way to become a Buddha and to become a Buddha .
The following is an example :
3 . All of them are good and evil .
One of the reasons why he became a priest is unknown .
How to make a sound or a sound
One of the reasons for the above is to pray to Buddha for the happiness of all living things and the happiness of all living things .
The precepts of Buddhism were carried out .
The reason why he became a priest was that he did not go to the Pure Land and that he did not go to the Pure Land but did not go to the Pure Land , and that he did not go to the Pure Land to become a Buddha .
" Kuyo " ( Buddhist prayer )
" Commentary on the Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , published by Iwanami Shoten , 1972
" Shin Nihon Koten Bungaku Zenshu " ( The Complete Works of Modern Japanese Literature , Vol . 2 , Ltd . ) ( Iwanami Shoten , 1976 )
" Shin Nihon Koten Bungaku Taikei " ( The Complete Works of Japanese Classic Literature ) ( Iwanami Shoten , 1979 )
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " ( Iwanami Shoten , 1976 )
" The Complete Works of Yukichi FUKUZAWA " ( Kodansha Ltd . , 1993 , Iwanami Shoten )
" The Analects of Confucius "
" Heart Sutra " ( Great Perfection of Wisdom Sutra )
" The Book of Tea " ( Kodansha Ltd . / Kodansha Ltd . / Kodansha Ltd . , 1979 )
" Shinsen Shojiroku " ( Newly Compiled Register of Shinto and Buddhism )
Dogen 's " Selected Verses on the Pure Land "
" How to make a pilgrimage to the West " ( Iwanami Shoten , 1993 )
" Shin Nihon Koten Bungaku Taikei " ( Complete Works of Japanese Classic Literature , Volume 2 ) ( Iwanami Shoten , 1993 )
" Commentary on the Pure Land " ( Iwanami Shoten Publishing Co . , Ltd . , 1993 )
" Commentary on the Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) ( Kodansha Ltd . , 1979 )
" Selected works of art " ( published by Iwanami Shoten , 1993 )
" Commentary on the Meditation of the Pure Land " ( Iwanami Shoten Publishing Co . , Ltd . , 1993 )
Color on silk portrait of Muso Kokushi ( Important Cultural Property ) published by Iwanami Shoten .
List of books
Color on silk portrait of Muso Soseki ( " Kokushi " in Japanese )
" Genji Monogatari Emaki " ( Illustrated Scroll of the Tale of Genji ) ( owned by the Yomei Bunko Art Museum )
Color painting on silk portrait of Muso Kokushi inscribed by Shuho Myocho
" Commentary on the Meditation Sutra " ( Commentary on the Meditation Sutra ) , Volume 6 , 1919
" Jodo Shu " ( The True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) translated by Shokei SHIBATA , published by Kodansha Publishing Co . , Ltd .
" Dai Nihon Koten Bungaku Zenshu " ( The Complete Works of Japanese Classic Literature ) ( property of Tokyo National Museum )
" Collection of Buddhist Scriptures , Volume 3 , Volume 3 , " edited by Shokei SHIBATA , Important Cultural Property
" Bussetsu Muryoju-kyo Sutra " ( The Sutra of Amida Buddha , color on silk ) ( Important Cultural Property )
It is included in " The Complete Works of Yukichi FUKUZAWA " published by Iwanami Shoten Publishing Co . , Ltd .
There is a description in the " Asahi Shinbun " ( The Story of the Asahi Shinbun ) written by Ryotaro SHIBA .
It is included in the second volume of " Taiheiki " ( The Record of the Great Peace ) written by Ryotaro SHIBA .
His last poem is included in the " Asahi Shinbun " published by Iwanami Shoten Publishing Co . , Ltd .
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " written by Sogi
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum ( Fukuchiyama City , Kyoto Prefecture ) : It is located on the east side of the station .
It was decided to build a new facility in front of the main building of the Japan National Railways ( JNR ) on the west side of the main building of the Kyoto Prefectural Government on the same day , and it was decided to build a new facility on the east side of the main building on the west side of the main building on the west side of the main building on the west side of the main building on the second floor of the Japan National Railways ( JNR ) .
In the wake of the division and privatization of JNR in 1987 , the station became a JR West station .
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum and Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum used to be located in the vicinity of the station .
In the early Showa period , there was a growing demand for a new type of steam locomotive , but it was abandoned in the following year .
In addition to the above , there is a description in the ' History of Japan , ' which says that the head office was located in front of the main gate of the main gate of the main building of the Imperial Museum of Modern Art , Tokyo , and the main building of the main building of the Museum of Modern Art , Hiroshima City , Hiroshima Prefecture , was built in the same year .
In the past , there were two types of steam locomotives , one was a model steam locomotives , and the other was a model steam locomotives , which was a model steam locomotives , and the other was a model steam locomotives .
The Museum of Kyoto is located on the east side of the second floor of the main building , and the Museum of Modern Art is located on the west side of the second floor .
July : The first floor was made of wood , and the second floor was made of wood , and the third floor was made of wood .
In the 2004 academic year , it was designated as a special historic site .
As of 2008 , the main building of the Museum of Modern Art was built on the second floor of the station building , and the main building of the museum was built on the third floor of the station .
It was originally located in front of the main building of the Museum of Modern Art in Kyoto , but it was moved to its current site in 1987 by the order of the Kyoto Prefectural Government .
Sagano Scenic Railway Co . , Ltd . , built a new station house in Sagano , Kyoto City in 1981 , and a new station building was built in the same year ; however , the construction work of the new station house was completed in the same year , and the construction work of the new station house was completed in the same year , and the construction work of the new station house was completed in the same year with the construction work of the new station building of the new Kyoto Main Line ( Sagano Line ) and the construction work of the new station house was completed in the same year .
It was designated as a national important cultural property in 1996 .
In the early Showa period , there were two types of steam locomotives : one was made of wood , one was made of wood , and the other was made of wood .
In the past , there were two types of steam locomotives ; one was the first one was the second one and the other was the second one was the second one was the second one was the second one , and the other was the second one was the second one was the largest in Japan , while the other was the second one was the second one was the largest in Japan .
The trains that arrive at and depart from and arrive at and depart from Platform 3 and 4 of the trains that depart from and depart from and arrive at and depart from Platform 3 and 4 of the trains that arrive at and depart from and depart from Platform 3 .
On the other hand , the number of regular trains operated on the same track was limited to only one train , and therefore , the actual number of cars was limited to one train .
There are two types of steam locomotives , one is " steam locomotives " and the other is " steam locomotives . "
Uzumasa Station , located in the south of the station , is located on the east side of the station , and the station is located on the west side of the station ; additionally , the construction work of the new station is under the control of the Kyoto Municipal Transportation Bureau ; after the completion of the construction of the new station building was completed , the work of the new station was carried out on the east side of the platform and the new station house was constructed on the west side of the platform .
The area around the station is also part of the area .
In the same year , the construction of steam locomotives was completed , and steam locomotives were transferred to the Japan Freight Railway Company ( JR West ) .
plum blossoms
This is the origin of the word ' fusuma ' ( Japanese sliding door ) .
There are two types of steam locomotives manufactured in Japan : the first type and the second type , which were manufactured in 1934 , and the second type and the fourth type , which were manufactured in 1934 .
The reason why the name of the office was abolished was as of 2008 .
The actual number of seats on the second floor is unknown .
JNR steam locomotive steam locomotive
It was manufactured in 1932 .
At the same time , the Hokkaido Development Commission was established .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113
In 1914 , he made his debut as an engineer .
At the same time , the operation of the freight service started .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1991 , the museum was opened .
JNR / JR Kiha 40 Series Diesel Cars
1977 : The Maizuru Red Cross Hospital opened .
He became the governor of Kagoshima Prefecture .
It was issued in 1997 .
In 2002 , it was opened to the public for the first time and was opened to the public in 2002 .
JNR steam locomotive
1944 : Kaya Railway Co . , Ltd .
Ichizawa Hanpu Co . , Ltd . , Head Office
In 1953 , the company started the operation .
JNR steam locomotive steam locomotive ( steam locomotive )
It was manufactured in 1934 .
1957 : The station became a Japanese National Railways station .
The head office of the Museum of Modern Art was moved to the site of Fukuyama City and opened to the public for the first time .
JNR steam locomotive steam locomotive ( steam locomotive )
It was manufactured in 1928 .
The construction work was completed in 1931 .
In 1949 , he was involved in the construction of the Museum of Modern Art , Ltd . , and the construction of the museum was completed .
JNR steam locomotive
1932 : The steam locomotive was manufactured .
The operation of this bus route started .
It was issued in 1997 .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 ( 200 )
1932 : The company purchased it from the company .
In the same year , he became the governor of Hyogo Prefecture .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 3000 ( second class car )
1934 : The company was founded .
He became the governor of Niigata Prefecture .
Kaya Steam Locomotive
It was manufactured in 1934 .
The operation of this bus route was extended to Platform 1 .
In 1953 , the company started the operation .
JNR steam locomotive
1944 : The company was founded .
The operation of this bus route was transferred to the Nara Line .
It was issued in 1997 .
JNR steam locomotive steam locomotive ( steam locomotive )
1944 : The company was manufactured by Mitsubishi Corporation .
He became the governor of Kumamoto Prefecture .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1949 , the company was reorganized .
JNR steam locomotive steam locomotive ( steam locomotive )
In 1944 , it was manufactured by Hitachi Corporation .
It was transferred to the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) in 1977 .
In 1949 , he was transferred to the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
1997 : The station house was relocated to its current site .
The second generation : Type 1 steam locomotive ( railway )
In 1944 , it was manufactured by Hitachi Corporation .
It was the site of the detached office of the Hokkaido Development Commission .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1949 , the company was reorganized .
Kaya Railway Co . , Ltd.
1944 : He became a member of the House of Peers .
It was a former branch office .
It was issued in 1997 .
Kaya Railway steam locomotive
In 1977 , he was employed at the Kawasaki factory .
He became the governor of Toyooka Prefecture .
In 1953 , the company started the operation .
Track gauge : 130 km / h
In 1902 , he was transferred to the Ministry of Railways , Ltd . , and then to the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
The Tanabe branch office was established in the town .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1949 , the company was reorganized .
JNR steam locomotive
1944 : The company was founded .
It was the second branch office of the Hokkaido Development Commission .
It was issued in 1997 .
Monochrome ink painting on a white background
Monochrome ink painting on paper
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum , Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum
A pair of iron pieces of iron blade with an inscription on the right side of the stone chamber
A pair of stone lantern ( an important cultural property )
Monochrome ink painting on a pair of white stones
Red Brick steam locomotive ( No. 12 )
Monochrome ink painting on a white background
Monochrome ink painting on a pair of stones
Wooden sword with an inscription on the upper part
West Japan Railway Company ( JR West )
Two persons were given the same number of seats .
JNR / JR Passenger Car Series 10
It is free of charge .
It is a long and thin piece of wood that can be used to make a sound .
There is no toilet .
" Tale of Japan " Fukuchiyama Railway Museum ( tentative name )
" Onmyoji " ( 2004 , Fuji Television Network )
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum
" The Tale of Genji " was released on the first anniversary of the foundation of the Daiei film company , and was released on the second year of the Showa period .
In 1997 , the museum was built on the south side of the bridge , and the museum opened in 1998 .
There are three buildings : ' 1st floor , ' ' 2nd floor , ' ' 2nd floor , ' and ' 2nd floor . '
" The New Year 's Eve " and " The New Year 's Day " were released on March 1 , 1976 .
Shiki Sanban is one of the traditional performing arts .
It is a Buddhist term used to refer to a part of Buddhist sutra .
Japanese kanji ( Chinese characters ) and katakana ( Japanese syllabary characters ) are used .
The name of the temple is written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
It is one of the architectural styles of Chinese calligraphy .
The Four Books of Confucianism : the Four Books of Confucianism , the Four Books of Confucianism , the Four Books of Confucianism , and the Four Books of Confucianism
It was introduced into Japan through the influence of Buddhism .
In Japan , it is said that the Great Buddha Hall was built at the wish of Emperor Shomu , and the Great Buddha Hall was built at the same time as the Great Buddha Hall .
During the period of the Northern and Southern Courts ( Japan ) , he received kanjo ( ceremony to be the successor ) and received kanjo ( ceremony to be the successor ) from Kukai .
In addition to the above , there are various schools of Japanese Buddhism , such as the Tendai Sect and the Shingon Sect .
This is a part of the Buddhist sutra .
As a result , he was not able to become a priest .
Later , the musical instruments were replaced with the musical instruments .
In a broad sense , the term is used to refer to a specific school or school .
In the case of the Zen sect , however , it was decided that if the master of the school does not follow the teachings of the master of the school , the master of the school would be better than the disciples of the master of the school and that the disciple would be better than the disciples of the master of the school .
On the other hand , there was also a conflict between the two sides .
As a result , the number of schools has decreased , and many schools have disappeared .
At the same time , the Tendai sect was founded by Saicho .
After the death of Saicho , he was also active as a Buddhist monk and a monk .
He was the founder of the Yuzu Nenbutsu sect .
In 1142 , he became the chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple in Uji City , Kyoto Prefecture .
It is said that the temple was founded by HATA no Kawakatsu , the founder of the Shugendo ( Japanese mountain asceticism-shamanism incorporating Shinto and Buddhist concepts ) , and named Mt . Koya after Mt . Koya .
He became the chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple on Mt . Koya , and later he became the chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple .
At the same time , the Shijo School and the Shijo School were established .
Later , he devoted himself to the restoration of Kiyomizu-dera Temple .
With respect to the development of new music , a new style of music developed .
At the same time , the Tendai sect and the Tendai sect were established at the same time .
nenbutsu ( Buddhist invocation ) , nenbutsu ( Buddhist invocation ) and nenbutsu ( Buddhist invocation ) are included in this category .
At the same time , the Shingon sect was founded by Kukai .
In the early stage , he received kanjo ( ceremony to be the successor ) from Kukai .
It is said that he was a monk of the Tendai Sect .
He served as an instructor of music and music .
During the period of the Northern and Southern Courts ( Japan ) , there were many branch temples such as Daitoku-ji Temple , Daikaku-ji Temple , Daikaku-ji Temple , Daikaku-ji Temple , and so on .
In the Edo period , it became independent from the Shingon sect .
In the early part of the Edo period , it was divided into two schools : the Old School and the New School , and the Old School , and the New School and the New School were divided into two schools .
It is a grand head temple of the Tendai Sect in Mt . Koya , Mt . Koya , Mt . Koya and Mt . Koya during the Edo period .
It is one of the schools of the Kogi Shingon sect and the Honzan school of the Shingon sect , and is located at the foot of Mt . Koya .
It was a school of the Hosso sect .
It was originally a temple of the Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , but in 1602 , it became a temple of the Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) and became a branch temple of Daitoku-ji Temple in Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture .
It is also known as ' Jodo sect , ' ' Zen sect , ' ' Zen sect , ' and so on .
It was founded by Kukai ( the founder of the Shingon sect ) .
He was from the Myoshin-ji Temple in Saga ( Saga City ) .
In the same year , he moved to Mt . Koya ( Mt . Koya ) and Mt . Koya ( Mt . Koya ) .
Later , the name of Mt . Koya was changed to Mt . Koya and Mt . Koya .
It is also known by the name of the water basin and water basin .
In addition to the above , there are various kinds of music , such as music , music , music , and music .
One of the characteristics of koto music .
Emperor Tenchi
A woman .
Prince Otsu ( year of birth unknown - June , 686 )
He was the eighth Emperor .
The second addendum to Kojiki ( The Records of Ancient Matters )
His imina ( personal name ) was Sukune .
His childhood name was Prince Shotoku .
He was commonly called Prince Shotoku .
His name was ' Prince Shotoku ' and ' Prince Shotoku . '
The chronological table
He was the second Prince of Emperor Jomei .
Her mother was Empress Kogyoku .
His mother was a daughter of Prince Naka no Oe no Oe no Miko ( later Emperor Tenmu ) .
In the same year , Emperor Tenchi was assassinated by his uncle SOGA no Umako and SOGA no Umako , and he was enthroned as Crown Prince .
Isshi no hen ( the Murder in the Year of Isshi ) was the beginning of the Ritsuryo system ( a system of centralized government based on the ritsuryo code ) .
The next year , he was attacked and killed by the Udaijin ( Minister of the Right ) SOGA no Umako .
In the same year , he went to Tang ( China ) together with his younger brother , Prince Shotoku , but he was defeated in the Battle of Hakusukinoe and returned to Japan .
In the same year , he was sent to Tang ( China ) , but he died at the age of 56 .
After the demise of Emperor Tenchi , the following year , he returned to Japan , but it is said that he was only two years after the demise of Emperor Tenchi .
In the same year , the three countries of Wa ( Japan ) , Wa ( Japan ) , and Kudara ( Paekche ) , which were under the control of the government , were constructed at the same time .
The number of cap ranks was determined by the number of cap ranks .
He was given the family name of ' Kuni no Miyatsuko ' in the eighth year of Emperor Monmu 's reign .
Emperor Tenchi 's Prince , Prince Otomo ( Emperor Kobun ) , is said to have succeeded to the throne .
However , after Emperor Tenchi died , his son , Prince Otomo ( Emperor Kobun ) , became the crown prince .
In the era of Emperor Tenmu , the line of Emperor Tenmu was changed to the line of Emperor Tenmu .
After Emperor Konin died , his son , Emperor Konin , succeeded to the throne as Emperor Shotoku .
The next year , he married a daughter of Prince Otomo ( Emperor Kobun ) , and had a relationship with him .
Brief Personal History
538 : He was born .
Prince Naka no Oe ( later Emperor Shomu ) : He was formally installed as the Crown Prince on March 24 , 645 .
Prince Otomo ( Emperor Junnin ) : He passed away on October 24 , 671 .
Emperor Tenchi ( his reign lasted from February 13 , 686 to March 28 , 1987 )
He died at the age of 56 on January 24 , 672 .
However , according to " Taiheiki " ( The Record of the Great Peace ) , he escaped from the Imperial Palace after being defeated in the Battle of Hakusukinoe .
Emperor Tenchi 's reign lasted from the beginning to the beginning of the 20th century .
On the other hand , there are various theories .
Emperor Tenmu was in favor of him .
There is a theory that says that he was the son of Emperor Tenchi , and that he was the younger brother of Emperor Tenchi , and that he was the younger brother of Emperor Tenchi , and that he was also the younger brother of Emperor Tenmu .
According to the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , he was the first prince of Emperor Tenmu , but he died before the completion of the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) .
The details of his life are unknown , but it is said that he lived from the beginning to the end of the Edo period .
According to the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , after the death of his father , Emperor Tenchi , he had no choice but to do with the succession to the Imperial Throne , and it is said that he had no choice but to do with the succession to the Imperial Throne after the death of his father , Emperor Tenchi .
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , it is said that he became a priest in the same year .
" Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) describes that there was no successor to the Imperial Throne after the death of Emperor Tenchi .
At the end of the book , the Chinese characters were used .
In addition , there is a theory that says that the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) was written in the same way as the " Kojiki " ( Records of Ancient Matters ) and the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) was written in the same way as the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
( " Nihonshoki " [ Chronicles of Japan ] )
In the same year , Emperor Tenchi was assassinated by SOGA no Iruka , who was a member of the Imperial family .
In addition , there is a theory that says that he was a member of the Imperial family at the time of the Jinshin War , and that he was also a member of the Imperial family .
On the other hand , Prince Naka no Oe was assassinated by SOGA no Iruka .
According to " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , after the war , it was decided that there would be some differences between the two .
On the other hand , there is a theory that says that the Emperor Tenchi and his son , SOGA no Iruka , had not yet been involved in the Imperial succession dispute .
There is a theory that says that Emperor Tenmu was a child of Emperor Tenmu .
There is a description in " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) that she was a younger sister of Emperor Tenchi , and she was also a younger sister of Emperor Tenchi .
It is said that he had no choice but to let his daughter marry into the Imperial Family ; however , after the death of his father , Emperor Tenchi , he had no choice but to do with the plan to raise an army , and therefore , he sent an envoy to kill himself with his younger maternal half-brother , Imperial Prince Otsu , Prince Otsu , with whom he had no choice but to kill himself , with whom he had no choice but to kill himself .
She was the first lawful wife of Emperor Tenchi , but it is not clear whether she became Empress or not .
In addition , there is a theory that says that the Emperor Tenmu ordered ONO no Komachi to write " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
In addition , there is a theory that says that he was a child of Emperor Tenchi , but it is not certain whether he was a child or not because he was a child of Emperor Tenmu or not .
In addition to the above , there are many other theories , such as the fact that there was no big difference in the contents of the book , and that there was a big difference in the contents of the book .
Poems
Manyoshu ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves )
One of the oldest poems in Japan is " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) .
When the wind blows , the wind blows through the clouds , and the wind blows through the clouds .
His name appears in " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) .
On the other hand , in the morning of the same day , when the sun rises to the east , the sun rises to the east , and the sun rises to the west , and the sun rises to the west , and the sun rises to the west , and the sun rises to the west .
The Sanjo Family : a side line of the House of Fujiwara North
He was a member of the Seiga family ( the second highest family status for court nobles ) , which was descended from the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan .
The Sanjo Family : a side line of Shijo
He was also a member of the branch family of the Sasaki clan in Settsu Province , and he was called Settsu no kami .
Its kamon ( family crest ) is three horizontal lines .
He was the second son of FUJIWARA no Ienari of the Kanin line of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan .
In the same year , he was promoted to the rank of Jugoinoge ( Junior Fifth Rank , Lower Grade ) , and after the death of his father , Emperor Gotoba , he went to the capital ( Kyoto ) together with his uncle , MINAMOTO no Sanetomo , who was the lord of the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , to serve as a close aide to his uncle , FUJIWARA no Yoritsune , who was the Lord of the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and he was promoted to Dainagon ( chief councilor of state ) .
According to the temple 's history , the family moved to the residence of the Saionji clan in Yamazaki , Yamashiro Province ( present day Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City ) .
The temple 's name came from the fact that it was originally the residence of the Kujo family in Higashiyama , Kyoto , and later it became the residence of the Ichijo family .
After the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was overthrown , he became a member of the Sekkan-ke ( the families which produced regents ) of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan .
Daikakuji-to ( imperial lineage starting with Emperor Kameyama ) and Jimyoin-to ( imperial lineage starting with Emperor Kameyama ) were exiled to Sanuki Province .
Daikakuji-to ( imperial lineage starting with Emperor Kameyama ) and Jimyoin-to ( imperial lineage starting with Emperor Kameyama ) opposed each other , but after the death of his father , he was placed under house arrest by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
After the death of his father , he was appointed to Rokuhara Tandai Kitakata ( Northern Chief of Rokuhara Tandai , an administrative and judicial agency in Rokuhara , Kyoto ) .
When Emperor Godaigo raised an army against the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) in the same year , he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) together with his older brother , Nagatoshi NAWA , and was exiled to Oki no shima Island ( Oki Province ) by the order of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ( refer to the article for the details of the Hogen Disturbance ) .
During the era of Emperor Godaigo , he was adopted by the Saionji family , which was a branch family of the Saionji family , and was promoted to Sadaijin ( minister of the left ) .
The family crest was made during the Kamakura period , and the family crest was made during the period of the Northern and Southern Courts .
He was born as the second son of Kanpaku ( chief adviser to the Emperor ) Tadataka HOSOKAWA , but he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) when he was three years old , and then he was placed under the protection of the Hosokawa clan , a branch family of the Hosokawa clan , and was placed under the custody of Ukyo no daibu ( Master of the Western Capital Offices ) , Ukyo no daibu ( Master of the Western Capital Offices ) , Ukyo no daibu ( Master of the Western Capital Offices ) , Ukyo no daibu ( Master of the Western Capital Offices ) ( Master of the Western Capital Offices ) .
He was a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) , and after the death of his father , he served as a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) and a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) as well as a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) , and became a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) at the end of the Edo period .
It is said that the reason why he was awarded the title of Baron was because of his great achievement in the Battle of Sekigahara , and that he was given the title of Doctor of Letters by the Imperial Household Ministry , and that he was given the title of Doctor of Letters by the Imperial Household Ministry , and that he had a close relationship with the Imperial Household Ministry since the time of his father 's death .
Mt . Hiei is located in the border between Kyoto City and Fukui City , Shiga Prefecture .
It is located at the foot of Mt . Funaoka in Kita Ward , Kyoto City , and at the foot of Mt . Funaoka in Ukyo Ward , Kyoto City .
It is located in Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture .
Kumano Sanzan ( three major shrines , Kumano-Hongu-Taisha , Kumano-Hayatama-Taisha and Kumano-Nachi-Taisha ) , which were believed to have been founded by EN no Gyoja , were built around this time .
It is located in Higashiyama Ward , Kyoto City .
It is also called Mt . Koya , Mt . Koya , and Mt . Koya .
Summary
It is located on the east side of Mt . Hiei , and it is said that this is because of the influence of Mt . Koya .
According to the " Kojiki " ( Records of Ancient Matters ) , the shrine was located at the foot of Mt . Miwa , and the name of the shrine was changed to Mt . Miwa and the name of the shrine was changed to Mt . Miwa .
Kumano Sanzan Kengyo ( the title of the official ranks within the Todo-za , the traditional guild for the blind ) , which was the basis of Shugendo ( Japanese mountain asceticism-shamanism incorporating Shinto and Buddhist concepts ) , was transferred to Kumano Sanzan ( three major shrines in Kumano ) by the order of the Cloistered Emperor Goshirakawa .
The temple is located in the east of Mt . Hiei , and the temple is also known as a place to pray for the safety of the nation and the prosperity of the nation .
It is located at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , and at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , it is located at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , and at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , it is also located at the east foot of Mt . Hiei and at the north foot of Mt . Hiei .
In addition to the above , it is said that the three sacred imperial treasures of Mt . Hiei , Mt . Hiei , Mt . Hiei , and Mt . Hiei were used as a source of income for the Imperial Court .
It is located on the east side of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) and on the west side of the station .
On New Year 's Eve , there are many people who get on and off the train , such as those who get on and off the train , and those who get on and off the train .
In the past , the area around the station was designated as a World Heritage Site , and in 2002 , the area around the bridge was designated as a UNESCO World Heritage Site , and in 2002 , the area around the station was referred to as ' Mt . Hiei ' ( Mt . Hiei ) and ' Mt . Hiei ' ( Mt . Hiei ) .
On the other hand , the Kyoto Nishikyogoku Comprehensive Sports Park was built on the west side of the station , and the park was built on the east side of the station on January 14 , 1935 .
Mt . Koya and Mt . Koya
It is located at the east foot of Mt . Hiei and at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , it is also called Mt . Hiei or Mt . Hiei .
It is located at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , and it is also known as Mt . Hiei .
It is located on the border between Kyoto City and Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture .
Mt . Hiei is located in the east of the capital , but it is also said that Mt . Hiei is located in the west of the capital and that Mt . Hiei is located in the east of the temple .
Cable Sakamoto Station on the Eizan Main Line of the Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd .
For example , in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of ' Oki ' in the case of ' Inaba ' in the case of ' Inaba ' in the case of ' Inaba ' in the case of ' Inaba ' in the case of ' Inaba ' in the case of ' Inaba ' in the case of ' Inaba ' in the case of ' Inaba ' in the case of ' Inaba ' in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of ' in the case of ' in the case of '
The temple 's sango ( literally , " mountain name , " which is the title prefixed to the name of a Buddhist temple ) , which is the title prefixed to the name of a Buddhist temple , is Mt . Koya , and is also known as Mt . Koya , Mt . Koya , Mt . Koya , and Mt . Koya .
Classification by shape
Refer to Mt . Hiei .
It is located on the east side of Lake Biwa , and it has a long , narrow and narrow shape .
It is also known as Mt . Hiei and Mt . Hiei .
Access
Hieizan Cable Railway Co . , Ltd . ( Hieizan Cable Cable Railway )
Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . ( Kurama Cable Railway )
Eizan Electric Railway Co . , Ltd .
Mt . Hiei Bus
Kyoto Prefectural Road 22 , Kyoto Outer Loop Expressway
By bus : Buses bound for Mt . Hiei and Mt . Hiei
Keihan Bus Co . , Ltd . , bound for Yamashina Station
Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . , Kyoto Bus Co . , Ltd . ( Arashiyama Route )
TV Asahi TV stations
It is located in Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture .
The reason why the Nara Kotsu Bus Co . , Ltd . , which used to be located in the vicinity of the station is not only because of its sound but also because of its sound quality .
Goro Sky Tower
It was broadcast on October 1 , 2001 .
A set of vending machines ( vending machines )
Notes
The Kyoto Broadcasting System Co . , Ltd . ( The Asahi Shimbun Co . , Ltd . ) , the Osaka Broadcasting System Co . , Ltd . ( The Asahi Broadcasting System Co . , Ltd . ) , the Osaka Broadcasting System Co . , Ltd . ( The Asahi Broadcasting System Co . , Ltd . ) , the Osaka Broadcasting System Co . , Ltd . ( The Asahi Broadcasting System Co . , Ltd . ) , the Osaka Broadcasting System Co . , Ltd . ( The Osaka Broadcasting System Co . , Ltd . ) , the Osaka Broadcasting System Co . , Ltd . ( the Asahi Broadcasting System Co . , Ltd . ) , and the Osaka Broadcasting System Co . , Ltd . ( the Asahi Broadcasting System Co . , Ltd . ) , Ltd .
From the Osaka side of the station , there are many people who believe that the name of the station is derived from the fact that it is located in Osaka .
Route 11
At the beginning of the Edo period , the Nakasen-do Road connecting the Nakasen-do Road and the Nakasen-do Road to the Nakasen-do Road in Edo ( present Tokyo ) .
This section describes the details .
Hiroshige UTAGAWA 's " Hiroshige UTAGAWA " ( Hiroshige UTAGAWA 's Hiroshige UTAGAWA ) is exhibited at the museum .
It is a vending machine made of glass .
( For more information , refer to the section on horse racing )
During the Edo period , the Nakasen-do Road was called the Nakasen-do Road and the Nakasen-do Road was called the Nakasen-do Road .
In addition to the above , there are many famous places where people enjoy viewing cherry blossoms and cherry blossoms as a symbol of the prosperity of the family .
At the same time , the name of the route from Kyoto to Osaka , and the name of the route from Kyoto to Tokyo are used .
The old provincial names are shown below .
It is located in Maizuru City .
Refer to the section on ' Municipal Ordinance of Jurisdiction Districts in the Heisei period . '
Nihonbashi ( Chuo Ward , Tokyo )
1 . Itabashi Ward , Tokyo ( Shinagawa Ward )
1 . Nishi Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture
Sendai City , Miyagi Prefecture ( Tanabata Matsuri Festival )
Sakura City , Kanagawa Prefecture ( 25 days old )
1 . Cherry blossom Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Dazaifu Tenman-gu Shrine ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
Shitenno-ji Temple ( Minami Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
27 . Dazaifu Tenmangu Shrine ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Odawara Tenman-gu Shrine ( Odawara City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Route 22 : Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture ( Present Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
Shitenno-ji Temple ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Numazu City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( 15 years old )
Route 22 : Shizuoka City ( Nakasen-do Road )
Fuji Matsuri Festival ( Taito Ward , Tokyo )
Nihonbashi Bridge ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
1 . Hamamatsu City , Totomi Province ( Present Okazaki City )
Shitenno-ji Temple ( Minami Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Shitenno-ji Temple ( Minami Ward , Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
Tsurugaoka Hachiman-gu Shrine ( Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
Late April : Autumn Matsuri Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
11 chome , Nagara Village , Sado County , Shizuoka Prefecture ( 11 towns )
Mt . Takao ( Minami Ward , Yokohama City )
Route 35 : Bound for Kanazawa City ( Shizuoka Prefecture )
Stone monument ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Osaka-jo Castle ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Shitenno-ji Temple ( Minami Ward , Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
Shitenno-ji Temple ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Osaka Prefecture )
Late April : Autumn Matsuri Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( 35 years old )
Ogaki City , Ogaki City , Gifu Prefecture , castle town
Sado Town , Sado County , Sado County , Shizuoka Prefecture ( 25 years old )
Mt . Koya ( Toyama City , Toyama Prefecture )
Route 27 : Bound for Mt . Atago ( Nagaoka City , Fukui Prefecture )
Higashi Koya-kaido Road ( Minami Ward , Nagoya City )
Mt . Atago ( Maizuru City , Kyoto Prefecture )
Route 27 : Bound for Mt . Inari ( Maizuru City , Kyoto Prefecture )
The third act : Mt . Atago ( Kita Ward , Osaka City )
Mt . Atago ( Maizuru City , Kyoto Prefecture )
snow : Mt . Atago ( Kita Ward , Osaka City )
24 . Hamamatsu City , Aichi Prefecture ( Present Okazaki City )
Fushimi Inari Taisha Shrine ( Minami Ward , Osaka City )
Minami Ward , Tokyo ( Minami Ward , Yokohama City )
Route 35 : Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture ( Mie Prefecture )
Uji-gawa River ( Katano City , Osaka Prefecture )
Itsukushima-jinja Shrine ( Toyooka City , Hyogo Prefecture )
Shitenno-ji Temple ( Minami Ward , Osaka City ) : 11 km
Ota Town , Ota County , Gifu Prefecture ( Present Ota City )
Minami Ward , Sakai City ( Minami Ward , Osaka City ) ( 2 km )
Nishi Koya-kaido Road ( Nishi Ward , Kobe City , Hyogo Prefecture )
Nishi no maru ( Nishi Ward , Kobe City , Hyogo Prefecture )
Nishi Koya-kaido Road ( Nishi Ward , Kobe City )
Route 22 : Maibara City , Shiga Prefecture
11 Sakamoto , Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture
Nijo Ohashi Bridge ( Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture )
According to temple legend , when he was a child , he went to the capital ( Kyoto ) and became a disciple of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) and was given the posthumous Buddhist name of ' Seishi Bosatsu ' ( Jizo Bodhisattva ) , which is said to have been the origin of the name of ' Seishi Bosatsu ' ( Jizo Bodhisattva ) .
During the construction of Fushimi-jo Castle ( Kyoto Prefecture ) in 1868 , he was in charge of the construction of Fushimi-jo Castle .
It is also called the Old Tokaido Road or the Old Nakasen-do Road .
It is located at the east end of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) , and at the same time , it is located at the east end of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) , and at the same time , it is located at the east end of the crossing of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) .
The province was divided into two types .
At the beginning of the Taiho Ritsuryo ( Taiho Code ) .
The post office is located at the boundary between Niigata and Nagano Prefectures .
Fushimi Inari Taisha Shrine ( Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City )
Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City ( Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City )
Nishi Koya-kaido Bridge ( Minami Ward , Osaka City )
Route 35 : Bound for Osaka Station ( Minami Ward , Osaka City )
Higashi Koya-kaido Road ( Osaka City , Osaka Prefecture )
It is located at the border between Settsu Province and Izumi Province ( today 's Takatsuki City , Osaka Prefecture ) , and at the border between Izumi Province and Izumi Province .
The author was the author of " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , who lived in the late Heian period .
According to the " Shin Heike Monogatari " ( The Tale of the Heike ) , there were two types of ' Koto ' : one was ' Koto ' ( a long Japanese zither with thirteen strings ) and the other was ' Koto ' ( a long Japanese zither with thirteen strings ) , which was ' Koto ' ( a long Japanese zither with thirteen strings ) , and the other was ' Koto ' ( a long Japanese zither with thirteen strings ) , which was ' Koto ' ( a long Japanese zither with thirteen strings ) and was ' Koto ' ( a long Japanese zither with thirteen strings ) .
Also known as " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book )
It was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
It is a collection of anecdotes written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it is said that it was written by Kenko YOSHIDA and others .
In addition , there is a description in " The Complete Works of Confucius , " which was written in the period of the Northern and Southern Courts ( China ) , but it is not clear whether it was written in the style of a Chinese style or not .
According to " Azuma Kagami " ( The Mirror of the East ) , it was decided that he would go to the Imperial Palace with his younger sister , FUJIWARA no Hoshi , who had served as Naishi no suke ( a court lady of the first rank ) and Naishi no suke ( a court lady of the first rank ) ; however , the plan was not realized because of the fact that he was involved in the plan to go to the Imperial Palace to visit the Imperial Palace , and therefore , the plan was revealed in the " Kojidan " ( Talks of the Past ) and " Kojidan " ( Talks of the Past ) .
In addition to the above , there is a description in " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) that says that ' two or more pieces of wood were cut off from one piece of wood , one piece of wood , one piece of wood , and the other two pieces of wood were cut off from one piece of wood , and the other two pieces of wood were cut off from one piece of wood . '
It is said that the word ' Kosode ' was used in " Makura no soshi . "
It is a collection of essays and essays , such as " The Tale of Genji , " " The Tale of Genji , " " The Tale of Genji , " and so on .
The origin of the word is as follows :
It is written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary characters ) as follows : " When you go out of your mind , you will not be able to see your body . "
The contents are written in various ways , such as in the order of the characters and the order of the characters .
" Interpretation of the Great Learning "
An inscription on the back side
There are various theories .
However , it is uncertain whether this is true or not .
In addition , in " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , there is a description of ' The Tale of Genji , ' which shows that he was good at playing biwa ( Japanese lute ) .
The following year , he was promoted to the rank of Shosanmi ( Senior Third Rank ) , and it is said that he was involved in the planning of the Hogen Disturbance .
It is said that he died two years after the completion of " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) .
For example , " Genji Monogatari " ( The Tale of Genji ) , which was written by Murasaki Shikibu at the end of the Muromachi period , includes the following :
It has a long history .
It consists of two volumes .
It is said that the manuscript was written by FUJIWARA no Teika in 1200 .
It is said that the number ' ten ' was the same as the number ' ten ' in the book .
Kikan IKEDA further divided it into two groups .
One volume of ' Genji Monogatari ' ( The Tale of Genji ) , one volume of the first volume , and one volume of the second volume of the second volume were lost .
The story is as follows :
Archives and Archives of Imperial Household Archives , Imperial Household Archives
It consists of two volumes .
Old genealogy of the Sanjonishi family : The copy of the manuscript owned by the Yomei Library , the manuscript owned by the Yomei Library , and the manuscript owned by the Yomei Library
The author is said to have been a daughter of KI no Tsurayuki , who had the title of Chunagon ( vice-councilor of state ) , and a younger sister of FUJIWARA no Michitsuna .
It was made in the late Kamakura period .
It is a part of the original text , but it is a part of the original version and is a part of the original version of the original .
It consists of twenty volumes in total .
Story line
The meaning of the word is as follows :
It was made in the Muromachi period .
It is said that he had an audience with Hideyoshi TOYOTOMI , and it is said that he drew pictures on the wall of the hojo ( abbot 's chamber ) of Myoshin-ji Temple .
It is one volume .
The contents of the story are as follows :
The Collection of Tales of Ise
The book was written by Emperor Gomurakami .
It is held by the Imperial Household Agency .
It consists of six volumes .
Two different colors are used .
The term is used to refer to a large piece of wood .
It consists of one volume .
It consists of two volumes .
It consists of three volumes .
It consists of three volumes .
Volume 6
The meaning of the word is as follows :
Among them , the Maeda family in Kaga Province and the Maeda family in Kaga Province are national treasures .
On the other hand , there is a description in " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) that , on the left hand , a piece of paper decorated with gold and silver was pasted on the right side of the head .
Important cultural property .
It was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in the early Kamakura period , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
It is included in " Gunsho ruiju " ( Collection of historical documents compiled by Hokiichi HANAWA ) , " Gunsho ruiju " ( Collection of historical documents compiled by Hokiichi HANAWA ) and " Gunsho ruiju " ( Collection of historical documents compiled by Hokiichi HANAWA ) .
It was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) or kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) or kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) or kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) at the end of the 16th century .
However , the following year , he was promoted to the chief editor of the first edition of the " Nihon Shoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) and the first edition of the " Nihon Shoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , which was completed in 1912 .
According to the " Zoku Hyakki Shui " ( Continued Collection of Tales Heard , Past and Present ) , it was a long time ago in the middle of the Heian period , and it was a long time ago in the form of a picture scroll with pictures drawn on it .
It consists of one volume and two volumes in total .
In addition to the above , there is a description in " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) that ' there are many poems exchanged between a man and a woman , ' and in " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) it is written that ' there are many poems exchanged between women and women , ' and in " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) it is written that there were many poems exchanged between women and women .
" The Tale of Genji " consists of two parts : the first part , the second part , and the last part .
It is said that , after the death of his father , Emperor Ichijo , he had no choice but to make poems by himself and make poems by himself , making poems , making poems , and making poems , making poems , and making poems , making poems , and making poems , making poems , making poems , and making poems , making poems , and making poems , making poems , and making poems , making poems , and making poems , making poems , and making poems , and making poems , and making poems , and making poems , making poems , were not so popular in those days .
He also wrote " The Tale of Genji , " " The Tale of Genji , " " The Tale of Genji , " " The Tale of Genji , " and he made an effort to make use of his unique technique to create a new style of expression .
The way of thinking
The story takes place in a manner similar to that of a human being that of a human being that of a human being that of a human being that of a human being that of a human being .
It is said that , when the wind blows , the sound of the wind , the sound of the wind , the sound of the wind , the sound of the wind , the sound of the wind , the wind , the wind , the wind , the wind , the moon , the moon , and the moon are all the same .
In addition to the above , the word ' manga ' is used to describe the social conditions of the time , such as that of the summer wind , snow , snow , snow , and snow , as well as the fact that the word ' manga ' was used to express the social conditions of the time , and that the word ' manga ' was used to express the social conditions of the time , and that the word ' manga ' was used to express the social conditions of the time , such as that of the summer wind , snow and snow .
Teishi gave birth to Emperor Ichijo .
It is said that , after the death of Kanpaku ( chief adviser to the Emperor ) FUJIWARA no Michinaga , he fell sick in bed .
It is not clear when he became a priest , but it is said that he was not included in " Okagami " ( the Great Mirror ) .
In addition , there is a description in " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) that when the Emperor abdicated the throne to his younger brother , the Emperor Showa , he was so disappointed that he found out about the difference between the two .
Public evaluation
On the other hand , he is said to have had a sexual relationship with ONO no Komachi ( Lady Murasaki ) .
However , in some cases , the term is used to refer to a person who has not yet reached the age of majority .
Chugu Gon no taijo ' ( Provisional Senior Secretary in the Office of the Consort 's Household ) was her real father 's name , and ' Naishi no suke ' ( a court lady of the first rank ) was her real name .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA was the 13th Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
In the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , there was a case where one was allowed to enter the Imperial Palace .
He was awarded the rank of Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) and the title of Sadaijin ( Minister of the Left ) .
He was a member of the Imperial family .
After Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) , he became a member of the shogun 's council of elders of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
In the following year , 1868 , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered the return of the lands and people to the Emperor ; however , after the defeat in the Battle of Toba and Fushimi , he was forced to return to the Imperial Palace by the order of the Emperor Komei , and he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to return to the Imperial Palace , which led to the fall of the Tokugawa family ( the Battle of Toba-Fushimi ) .
From the end of the Edo period to the beginning of the Meiji period , he devoted himself to the study of Japanese classical literature .
He was also known as ' Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ' or ' Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA . '
According to " Kansei Choshu Shokafu " ( genealogies of vassals in Edo bakufu ) , he was given the title of ' Seii Taishogun ' ( literally , great general who subdues the barbarians ) .
In addition , there is a book titled ' How to make the best use of black ink . '
He was born in Nagoya City , Aichi Prefecture , and there are many people who believe that he was a ' child ' or ' child ' when he became a priest .
In addition , he is said to have been a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east , ' and his wife is said to have been a daughter of the former lord of the domain , Takayoshi KIDO .
At the same time , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the son of Yoshinobu , was given a posthumous name of ' Yoshinobu . '
In addition to the above , there are various theories about the origin of the word , such as the one that says ' I am not a man of culture but a man of culture , ' and the one that says , ' I am a man of culture in Hiroshima Prefecture , ' and the one that says , ' I am a man of culture in Hiroshima Prefecture . '
It is said that the reason why he became a priest was that he was not only a scholar of Japanese classical literature but also a scholar of Japanese classical literature , and that ' he was not good at the military science ' and ' he was not good at the military science . '
He was born as the fourth son of Nariaki TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Kishu Domain , on December 27 , 1858 .
His lawful wife was a daughter of Emperor Gomizunoo , and he was the second consort of the Emperor .
It is said that his mother was a concubine of Masayuki HOSHINA and his wife was a concubine of Iemitsu TOKUGAWA .
His childhood name was Goro .
When he was nine years old , he went to the capital ( Kyoto ) and became a disciple of the lord of the domain , however , he did not get along with his older brother because he had a close relationship with the lord of the domain , Naosuke II , and he became a disciple of the lord of the domain .
It is said that , after the death of his father , he was placed under house arrest by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and that he was also placed under house arrest by his uncle , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
On January 27 , 1864 , he was adopted by the Nakayama family , the lord of the Tosa Domain , and changed his name to Kugyo ( court noble ) .
On the same day , he was promoted to the rank of Junii ( Junior Second Rank ) , and on the same day , he was adopted by Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the domain .
On the other hand , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his father , Masahiro ABE , who was roju ( member of shogun 's council of elders ) .
In the same year , he was promoted to the rank of Junii ( Junior Second Rank ) , and in the same year , he was assassinated by his uncle , Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , and in the same year , he succeeded to the position of Shogun ( however , there is also a theory that he died young ) .
In the same year , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Fukui Domain , was appointed as the heir of the lord of the Kaga Domain , Yoshinaga ASANO , and Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Owari Domain , was appointed as the successor to the lord of the domain .
In the same year , he was ordered to take over as head of the family by Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , and in the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) together with his father , who was the lord of the domain and the lord of the domain , and in the same year , he was ordered to be the successor of the lord of the domain , Naosuke II , who was the lord of the domain .
In accordance with the Treaty of Amity and Commerce between the United States and Japan , he changed his name to ' Iemochi ' in the same year .
In the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the order of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and in the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) together with roju ( member of shogun 's council of elders ) , Naosuke II , and then he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) .
It is said that he had no choice but to resign from the post and return to secular life , and therefore , he was called ' the king of Japan ' or ' the king of Japan ' ( according to another account , it is said that he had no choice but to do with him ) .
In 1861 , he was pardoned .
In the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , and in the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by the lord of the domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , who was the lord of the domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , and to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) .
On March 18 , he was appointed as a member of the House of Peers by the recommendation of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
In the same year , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered roju ( member of shogun 's council of elders ) of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , Katamori MATSUDAIRA , who was the lord of the domain , to take over the post of Kyoto shoshidai ( The Kyoto deputy ) .
In the same year , he went to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his father , Emperor Komei , and in the same year , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to go up to Kyoto .
At the end of the year , he went to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his brother , Emperor Goyozei , but he refused to do so because he was afraid that the Imperial Court would not allow him to enter the Imperial Palace , so he ordered him to leave the Imperial Palace and return to the Imperial Palace .
On the occasion of the Coup of August 18 in the same year , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to take part in the campaign to overthrow the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) together with his father , Kugyo ( the top court officials ) of the Choshu clan , such as Kugyo ( the top court officials ) and Kugyo ( the top court officials ) of the Choshu clan .
However , on the other hand , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by the lord of the domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , who was the lord of the domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , who was the lord of the domain , and he was also ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by the lord of the domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , who was the lord of the domain , as well as the lord of the domain , and so on , but he could not do so because he had no choice but to do so , and he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) .
He was appointed as Kyoto shugoshoku ( Military governor of Kyoto ) and Osaka jodai ( the keeper of Osaka Castle ) , and after the death of his older brother , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to serve as Kyoto shugoshoku ( Military governor of Kyoto ) and Osaka jodai ( the keeper of Osaka-jo Castle ) .
Tenguto no Ran ( Rebellion of Tenguto ) , which broke out in the same year , joined the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) together with his younger brother and younger brothers and sisters , but they were defeated by the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
In the following year , 1864 , he fought in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi against the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) led by Kinmochi SAIONJI .
The following year , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by the order of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , but failed due to the coup d 'etat .
In the following year , 1864 , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to hunt down and kill Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , the lord of the Satsuma Domain .
However , the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was defeated by the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and fled to Satsuma Province .
After the Battle of Sekigahara , he was exiled to Sado Province on March 24 , 1600 .
In the same year , he was ordered to return to the Imperial Court by Emperor Komei .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , who succeeded to the headship of the family , died suddenly .
On the same day , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) decided that he would inherit the headship of the family .
On the same day , he was appointed to the post of Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , but he died on the same day .
On the other hand , he made efforts to restore the authority of the Imperial Court .
In the same year , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to go to study in France , France , France , France , France , France , and France , and he was appointed to the chief of staff and was appointed to the chief of staff .
In the same year , he went to the United States of America with his younger brother , Yukichi FUKUZAWA , and went to the United States of America .
In response to this , the Imperial Court issued an Imperial edict to hunt down and kill him .
On January 24 , 1864 , the Imperial Court issued an order to track down and kill him , and this was the beginning of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
At the same time , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) tried to avoid the conflict between the two families .
However , in March of the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by Emperor Komei , and in the same year , he was ordered to go to the post of Udaijin ( Minister of the Right ) , and in the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by the lord of the domain , Tomomi IWAKURA .
In response to this , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) sent an envoy to the Imperial Court to ask for the return of political power to the Imperial Court , but the negotiation was broken off because of the conflict between the two parties .
In the same year , he joined the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and moved from place to place to fight against the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) in Toba , Fushimi , Yamashiro Province .
On the occasion of the Battle of Sekigahara , however , he was forced to leave the front gate of the Imperial Palace , and on the other hand , he was ordered to leave the front gate of the Imperial Palace , and on the day of the Battle of Sekigahara , he was ordered to leave the front gate of the Imperial Palace .
At the same time , the army of Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Taruhito was defeated by the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
In response to this , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the domain , committed suicide with his sword .
In March of the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) .
At the same time , he was adopted by the Owari Tokugawa family and succeeded to the head of the family .
In the same year , he was ordered to return to the service of the lord of the domain , Takamori SAIGO , but he was defeated by the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) at the Battle of Toba-Fushimi and escaped to the residence of Satsuma Domain .
In August of the same year , he was transferred to the Sunpu Domain in Suruga Province .
Shungaku MATSUDAIRA ( the lord of Owari Domain )
Chief retainer of the Matsudaira family ( Mito Matsudaira family )
Ansei no Taigoku ( suppression of extremists by the Shogunate ) ( Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA )
Shugo ( Military Governor ) of Mino Province
Chief retainer of the Matsudaira family ( Mito Matsudaira family )
Osaki no kata
Takeo NAKAJIMA
Hanzo MATSUDAIRA
In January 1869 , he returned to his hometown during the Boshin War .
After he returned to secular life , he was fond of reading , writing , writing , painting , and so on .
In 1899 , he moved to Tokyo .
In the following year , he went to the Imperial Palace of Emperor Meiji , and in the following year , he went back to his hometown .
In 1868 , he was raised to the peerage and became the head of the family .
In 1947 , he returned to secular life and took over as head of the family .
In 1914 , he died at the age of 83 .
He died at the age of 24 on the same day .
* Dates are based on the old lunar calendar .
In 1847
He succeeded to the head of the family on the same day .
On January 12 , 1867 , he changed his name to Yoshinobu .
He was awarded the rank of Jusanmi ( Junior Third Rank ) and appointed as Sakone gon no chujo ( Provisional Middle Captain of the Left Division of Inner Palace Guards ) .
In December of the same year , he married a daughter of Sadaijin ( Minister of the Left ) Masahiro TAKATSUKASA .
He was Sangi ( councillor ) .
In 1858 , he succeeded to the position of Sadaijin ( Minister of the Left ) .
In December of the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
He retired in October 1864 .
1862
He succeeded to the headship of the family on the same day as his foster father .
On the same day , he was appointed as Sessho ( regent ) .
In December , he was transferred to Gon Chunagon ( provisional vice-councilor of state ) .
In December of the same year , he was appointed as Naidaijin ( Minister of the Center ) .
1864
On March 24 , he resigned from the position of Nairan .
On March 18 , he resigned from the position of Sessho .
March 28 : He was assigned to the post of Governor of Owari Province , and was also assigned to the post of Commander of the 6th platoon .
He fought in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi .
1866
February 24 : He was additionally appointed as Governor of Kyoto .
He succeeded to the family name of Tokugawa on the same day .
He was appointed as Gon Dainagon ( provisional major counselor ) and Ukone no daisho ( Major Captain of the Right Division of Inner Palace Guards ) .
On the same day , he was appointed as seii taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) .
1867
In December of the same year , he was appointed as Naidaijin ( minister of the center ) .
Retained his position as Ukone no daisho .
Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor )
On December 12 , he resigned from the position of Seii Taishogun .
On January 18 , 1864 , he was dismissed from the post .
August 12 , 1869 : He was removed from his office .
January 7 , 1869 : Promoted to Junii ( Junior Second Rank ) .
May 22 , 1897 : Promoted to Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) .
He was promoted to Juichii ( Junior First Rank ) on February 24 , 1907 .
On November 23 , 1887 , he moved to Tokyo .
On New Year 's Day in 1868 , he was given the title of Emperor by Emperor Meiji .
He was given the title of marquis on April 16 , 1901 .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the head of the family , changed his name from ' Yoshinobu ' to ' Yoshinobu ' .
December : Appointed as a member of the Imperial Family .
1908
He was awarded the rank of Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) in recognition of his contribution to the restoration of imperial rule .
On December 28 , he retired .
He died at the age of 75 on February 26 , 1903 .
He was posthumously awarded the Grand Cordon of the Order of the Rising Sun .
He was a man of refined taste , and he was also a master of the art of warfare , and he was also a master of the art of warfare at that time .
He was also a master of Japanese archery at first , but later he devoted himself to the development of new martial arts .
He was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by disembowelment , but he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the order of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , so he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) , so he is said to have been forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) , and then he is said to have been ordered to commit seppuku by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
It is said that when he was on his way home , he was attacked by an arrow and killed by an arrow , and that he was also described as ' a person who was trying to kill him ' or ' a person who was trying to kill him . '
It is said that the reason why he returned to Japan was because of his father 's great achievement in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , but it is not clear whether he was a member of the Imperial Family or not .
It is said that he went back to his hometown when he was six years old .
It is said that , when he was young , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to take care of his father , who was the lord of the domain , as well as the lord of the domain , as well as the lord of the domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , who was the lord of the domain , and also the lord of the domain , as well as the lord of the domain , and also as the lord of the domain , and also as the lord of the domain , he killed himself with a sword . '
Yodo YAMAUCHI , who was a feudal retainer of the Satsuma clan , was also involved in the plot to overthrow the Shogunate , but he was not involved in the plan to overthrow the Shogunate .
It is said that he returned to Japan . '
Ryoma SAKAMOTO , who was a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east , ' said as follows :
It is said that if you do not want to do so , you may be careful not to do so .
On the other hand , he was ordered to be the next shogun by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the order of his father .
However , after the death of Emperor Meiji , he is said to have been a member of the Shinsengumi ( a group who guarded Kyoto during the end of Tokugawa Shogunate ) .
At the end of the Edo period , there was a rumor that he would not be able to return to the original family name of Saigo .
After being defeated in the Battle of Toba and Fushimi , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) in Mt . Tsukuba in Yamato Province .
It is said that , when he was young , he went to the front with his wife and children , but he did not go to the front because of the influence of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
On the other hand , it is said that the reason why the troops of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) were defeated in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi was because of the pressure from the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and because of the pressure from the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and because of this , it was decided that there was no need for them to go to the capital to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) , and that there was a strong resistance from the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and that there was a strong resistance from the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
It is said that the reason why he returned to secular life was because he had a close relationship with the Imperial Court and the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and also because he had a close relationship with the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and had a close relationship with the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ( however , there is also a theory that says that he had a relationship with the Imperial Court because he had a close relationship with the bakufu [ Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ] and had a close relationship with the bakufu [ Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ] ) .
In the end of the Edo period , the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) tried to avoid the conflict between the two countries , but the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) did not allow them to return their allegiance to the Imperial Court .
At the same time , he was a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) , and he became a member of the Shinsengumi ( a group who guarded Kyoto during the end of Tokugawa Shogunate ) .
In the same year , he had an audience with Tomomi IWAKURA , who was the lord of the domain , and wrote a draft of ' Koyo Gunkan ' ( record of the military exploits of the Shogunate ) .
In addition , there is a passage in " Dainihonshi " ( Great history of Japan ) .
It is said that the contents of the letter were almost the same as those of other people who did not know about the incident at that time .
It is said that the reason why he became a priest was that he had no choice but to do with the policy of overthrowing the Shogunate , and that ' he was killed in battle ' was that he had a close relationship with the Otomo clan and that he had a close relationship with the Otomo clan .
It is said that the second volume of " Dainihonshi " ( Great history of Japan ) was written after the death of Shogun Iemochi .
When Emperor Meiji celebrated his coming of age , he said that he had no choice but to allow him to become a member of the Imperial Family or a member of the House of Peers .
In addition , there was a case in which the head priest of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) was buried at Zojo-ji Temple , and the head priest of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) was buried at Zojo-ji Temple .
There is a theory that the Emperor Meiji gave him the title of ' Emperor . '
After he returned to secular life , he was praised by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) as ' the father of the lord of the domain and the lord of the domain , ' but he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the order of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , so he was called ' the father of the lord of the domain ' or ' the father of the lord of the domain . '
After the Battle of Sekigahara , there was a theory that says that he was a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east ' and that he was a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east ' ; however , the truth is not clear because of the historical fact that he was involved in the assassination of Emperor Goshirakawa and was involved in the assassination of FUJIWARA no Nobunaga .
He was a vassal of the Matsudaira family and his wife was a daughter of a feudal retainer of Aizu Domain .
At the same time , he went to Europe and the United States of America as well as the United States of America as well as the United States of America and the United States of America , but he did not get along well with each other because he had a lot of knowledge about the art of warfare and the art of warfare .
It is said that there were many people who tried to make a sound by making a sound .
At the same time , the number of people who were not interested in it was limited to those who were not interested in it .
It is said that , when he was a member of the House of Peers at that time , he was not only a painter but also a friend of Shoyo TSUBOUCHI , who was a member of the House of Peers at that time , and he was also a teacher at the University of Tokyo .
He was a younger brother of Mitsukuni TOKUGAWA .
In July of the same year , he was born as the second son of Emperor Gomizunoo .
On the other hand , he died at the age of 45 on January 6 , 1849 , and his mother was from a branch family of the Abe clan .
After the death of her husband , she was counted as one of the three most beautiful women in the Edo period , and gave birth to two sons and two daughters .
He had three sons and two daughters , who later became the wife of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the former lord of the domain , and the wife of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the former lord of the domain .
She was the wife of Imperial Prince Takahito and the wife of Imperial Prince Fushimi Sadanaru .
She was the second daughter of Gon Dainagon ( a provisional chief councilor of state ) Sanetomi SANJO , and her real mother was Sadako NAKAYAMA , who was the lawful wife of the 12th lord of the domain , Ienari NIJO .
His wife was Sadako NAKAYAMA ( a daughter of Tadayasu NAKAYAMA , a feudal retainer of Owari ) .
The third son : SHO ( died on April 26 , 1895 )
He was born as the eldest son of Hitachi no suke ( Assistant Governor of Hitachi Province ) , and died on May 24 , 1903 at the age of 23 .
She was born on November 24 , 1903 , as the third daughter of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , and died on November 24 , 1930 .
April 12 , 1864 : He was the eldest son of Masahiro MAKINO , who had the title of Ukone no shosho ( Minor Captain of the Right Division of Inner Palace Guards ) and the first son of Kaoru INOUE .
The tenth son : SHO ( died young )
Second daughter : Princess Masako ( December 26 , 1871 - August 26 , 2000 )
Imperial Prince Fushimi Sadanaru , the ninth prince of Imperial Prince Fushiminomiya Kuniie , died on October 27 , 1930 .
The tenth son : SHO Tai ( born in October , 1868 - died in October , 1945 )
The fourth daughter : Masako TOKUGAWA ( December 26 , 1866 - April 26 , 2000 )
July 1 , 1865 : He was born as the eldest son of Masayuki MAKINO , the 11th lord of the domain .
His wife was the eldest daughter of Kaoru INOUE , the third lord of the domain .
He was a member of the House of Peers from the Meiji period to the early Showa period .
The eighth son : SHO ( died on May 24 , 1895 )
The fifth son of the eleventh family head , Tadateru MATSUDAIRA ( April 26 , 1868 - April 26 , 1995 )
The third son : SHO ( born in April , 1840 , died on April 26 , 1902 )
Second son : Imperial Prince Fushimi Sadanaru ( December 12 , 1850 - December 27 , 1931 ) , Jugoi ( Junior Fifth Rank )
The third daughter : Masako ( born in August , 1930 - died on July 26 , 1993 )
The ninth daughter : Princess Masako ( September 28 , 1864 - April 27 , 2001 ) , married to Kaoru INOUE .
The fourth daughter : Princess Yoshiko ( December 26 , 1864 - April 26 , 1974 ) was a member of the Imperial family .
She gave birth to two sons and a daughter ( the first daughter ) and a daughter ( the second daughter ) on November 27 , 1903 , and a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) in the late Edo period .
August 1 , 1873 : He died .
The tenth son : SHO Tai ( died on May 24 , 1945 )
The ninth son : Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ( October 12 , 1905  December 24 , 1945 )
July 1 , 1873 : He was demoted from nobility to subject .
One of his younger sisters : Masako , the wife of Iesada TOKUGAWA
Novels
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA " Ukyo no daibu " ( Master of the Western Capital Offices )
" The Last Shogun Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA "
Film films
" Kurama Tengu " ( The Tengu of Mt . Kurama ) written by Ryotaro SHIBA
TV dramas
" NHK Taiga Drama " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Nizaemon KATAOKA the 13th )
" Shin Kabuki Eiga Monogatari " ( The Tale of the Taira Family ) ( Shochiku Co . , Ltd . , 1969 , portrayed by Koki KIMURA )
" Onmyoji " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Ryotaro SHIBA )
" Onmyoji " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Daisuke ITO )
" Onmyoji " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Ryotaro SHIBA )
" Shin Kabuki Eiga Monogatari " ( The Tale of the Heike ) ( 1955 , Shochiku Co . , Ltd . )
" Samurai " ( Samurai drama series ) , released by TV Asahi Co . , Ltd . ( 1966 - 1991 ) , was a film director .
" Taiheiki " ( The Record of the Great Peace ) , written by Ryotaro SHIBA , published by Yoshikawa Kobunkan in 1966 , by TV Tokyo .
" Shinsen-gumi " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Daisuke ITO )
" The Tale of the Heike " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Daisuke ITO )
" Samurai " ( Samurai drama series ) , New Year 's Eve ( New Year 's period drama series ) , New Year 's Eve ( New Year 's period drama series ) , New Year 's Eve ( New Year 's period drama series ) , and New Year 's Eve ( New Year 's period drama series )
" Shin Heike Monogatari " ( New Tale of the Heike ) ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Daisuke ITO )
" Kasuga no Tsubone " ( TV drama ) ( Shochiku Co . , Ltd . , 1969 )
" Hana no En " ( The Festival of the Cherry Blossoms ) , " Hana no En " ( The Festival of the Cherry Blossoms ) , and " Hana no En " ( The Festival of the Cherry Blossoms ) , directed by Kenji MIZOGUCHI , were performed at the Shochiku Co . , Ltd . , and were performed at the Shochiku Co . , Ltd . , as well as at the Shochiku Co . , Ltd . , in September , 1930 .
" Shinsengumi ! " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Kazuo HASEGAWA )
" NHK Taiga Drama " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Kazuo HASEGAWA )
" San no Ki " ( a collection of haiku poems )
Yukichi FUKUZAWA : ' The former president of the House of Representatives '
NHK Taiga Drama " Ryoma ga Tsuji " ( NHK Taiga Drama ) , played by Ryotaro SHIBA
...
Kyoto Station , located in Seika-cho , Soraku-gun , Kyoto Prefecture , is a stop on the Sanin Main Line , which is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
The entire line is operated by West Japan Railway Company .
Local trains stop at every station from the direction of Kizu Station to the direction of Kizu Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) and from the direction of Kizu Station .
The details of the operation are as follows :
The name of the museum is derived from the fact that the number of people who visit this area is small .
West Japan Railway Company ( railway business operator )
Railway distance ( operating distance ) : 95 km
Track gauge : 160 mm
Number of stations : 6 ( including the starting and final stations )
Kamo Station - JR Kyoto Line / JR Tozai Line
Electrified section : entire line ( direct current 600 V )
Electrified section : Automatic block system ( automatic block system ) , automatic block system
Automatic ticket vending machine : Automatic block system
Operation section : Shin-Osaka General Operation Center
Design speed : 95 km / h ( exclusive speed : 95 km / h )
The stations of the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) and the stations of the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) are located in Yamashina Ward , Kyoto City .
For example , the Nara Line of the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) runs from the direction of Kizu Station to the direction of Kyoto .
At the same time , it was decided that the line would be extended to the east of the Nara Line , and that the line would be extended to the south of the current Nara Station ( Nara Prefecture ) via the Tokaido Main Line .
Nara Station , on the Nara Line of West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) , is located on the east side of the station .
On the other hand , the Nara Kotsu Bus Lines Co . , Ltd . , which started operating on the section between Kyoto Station and Shingu Station on the Tokaido Main Line on the Kintetsu Kyoto Line , was established on March 1 , 1988 .
Kintetsu Bus Co . , Ltd . , operates this station in Nara Prefecture , and this station is also referred to as ' Nara Station . '
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 183 , ' which had been used for the first time in the Kansai region , was used for the first time .
Nara Station , located in the south of the station , is a stop on the Kintetsu Kyoto Line and the Kintetsu Nara Line .
In addition , in the case of Nara Electric Railway Co . , Ltd. in the early part of the 20th century , the number of people who used to belong to the same line as those of other lines increased , and in the case of Nara Electric Railway , the number of people who used to belong to the same line , including those who used to belong to the same line as those of other lines , was reduced to less than 20 in the case of the Osaka Municipal Subway Tozai Line in 1997 .
However , JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 113 and JNR / JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 113 started to run in the section between Kyoto Station and Higashi-Maizuru Station , and as a result , the number of the local trains that stopped at this station increased .
In addition , the area around the station and the area around the station is designated as a national historic site by Kyoto Prefecture as well as the area around the station and the area around the station .
However , the section between the east and west of the station and the section between the east and west of the station and the section between the east and west of the station and between the station and the station and the west of the station is very crowded .
The line is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) , while the line is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
East Japan Railway Company ( JR East ) and Central Japan Railway Company ( JR Central ) , both of which are mutually usable , are mutually usable with ICOCA and PiTaPa ( Surutto KANSAI Association ) .
The ticket gate is located on the east side of the station .
In addition , the express trains that stopped at this station from the direction of Kizu Station to the direction of Nara , and the express trains that stopped at this station from the direction of Osaka and stopped at this station ( refer to the article of ' Special Rapid Service ' and ' Regional Rapid trains that run between Kyoto and Nara ' ) .
Local trains stop at every station on the line .
Local trains stop at every station on the Uji Line , and all trains stop at every station .
The nickname of ' Biwako Line ' was changed to ' Biwako Line . '
Nara Kotsu Bus Lines Co . , Ltd . , operates many routes from Kyoto Station to the north .
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 207 and JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 113
The maximum speed of the regular railway line is 120 km / h and the maximum speed of the regular railway line is 120 km / h .
It is a short distance between Kyoto and Nara , and the distance between Osaka and Nara is 30 minutes .
The trains that arrive at and depart from Platform 4 and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 at Kyoto Station , while those that depart from and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 and those that arrive at and depart from and depart from Platform 4 and those that arrive at and depart from and depart from Platform 4 .
15 minutes walk from the east exit of the station .
History
March 1 , 2001 : The operation started .
March 15 , 2001 : The station was upgraded to a stop at which rapid trains stopped .
It is operated during the morning rush hours .
From Uji Station ( JR West ) , the trains stop at every station on the Uji Line .
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 207 is used for local trains and local trains .
Local trains stop at every station on the Uji Line , and all trains stop at every station .
Rapid trains stop at every station on the Nara Line .
According to the " Engishiki " ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) , it was decided that the trains would depart from and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 and depart from Platform 4 , and that the trains would depart from and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 of the Nara Station ( JR West ) .
It is operated as a special rapid train bound for Nara on Saturdays and holidays .
All trains run in the early morning and late evening .
On New Year 's Eve , the number of passengers boarding at this station was increased in the early morning and late evening ( in the morning and late evening ) .
Rapid trains that arrive at and depart from Platform 4 and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 at Kyoto Station , but it is not clear whether the rapid trains that depart from and arrive at and depart at and depart from Platform 4 .
JR ( West ) Commuter Train Series 207 is used for local trains and local trains during the daytime .
Rapid trains stop at every station on the Kintetsu Kyoto Line .
On the other hand , in the early morning of New Year 's Eve , there was a description that ' if you take a train from the direction of the direction of the moon , you will be able to take a train from the direction of the moon in the direction of the moon in the direction of the moon in the direction of the moon in the direction of the moon in the direction of the moon in the early morning , ' indicating that ' if you take a train from the direction of the moon in the direction of the moon , you will be able to see the moon in the direction of the moon in the direction of the moon and the moon in the direction of the moon in the direction of the moon . '
The trains stop at each station on the Uji Line , and the trains stop at each station .
It is operated between Kyoto Station and Tenri Station .
The number of trains arriving at and departing from and departing from Kyoto Station is approximately 95 per hour , and the number of trains departing from and arriving at and depart from and depart from Platform 1 .
JR ( West ) Commuter Train Series 207 is used for all trains .
Rapid trains run directly into the JR Tozai Line early in the morning and late at night .
On the other hand , in March of the same year , the Nara Line ( Yamatoji Line ) and the Sakurai Line ( Yamatoji Line ) started to operate on the same platform .
Only local trains stop at this station on the Nara Line .
1949 : The JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 started operating in the section between Kyoto Station and Shingu Station , and the trains that ran between Osaka Station and Amanohashidate Station started operating in the section between Osaka Station and Amanohashidate Station on the JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 183 .
On the other hand , it was decided that the special rapid train would be operated from JR Nanba Station to JR Nanba Station on the New Year 's Eve , and that the special rapid train would be operated from JR Nanba Station on the same day .
At the same time , trains run between Kyoto and Nara on the Tokaido Main Line ( Yamatoji Line ) , but they don 't stop at every station on the line .
On the other hand , the trains that arrive at and depart from and depart from Platform 3 at Kyoto Station , and the trains that depart from and depart from and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 at Kyoto Station in the early morning of January 1 , 2008 , are also included in this category .
The trains stop at every station on the Katamachi Line .
On the other hand , the trains that arrive at and depart from Platform 3 from and depart from Platform 3 during the New Year holidays were operated between Kyoto and Osaka .
The rapid trains that stopped at this station began making stops at this station in 1997 .
During the morning and evening rush hours , the train was operated as a special rapid train from JR Nanba Station to JR Nanba Station .
On the other hand , the trains of JR West use Platform 1 .
Nara Kotsu Bus Lines Co . , Ltd . , operates two types of bus services , one on the east side of the station , and the other on the west side of the station , on the east side of the station , and on the west side , on the east side of the station , on the west side of the platform , on the west side of the platform .
It is Nara Train Depot .
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 207
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 207 and JNR / JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 113 are also used .
Regional Rapid Service ' Hashidate ( train ) , ' ' Kasuga ( train ) , ' ' Kasuga ( train ) , ' and ' Kasuga ( train ) , ' all of which were operated during the daytime , were operated during the daytime .
The train cars of this type are operated only during the morning rush hour .
Train Series 113
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 113 is used for local trains and local trains , but it is also used for rapid trains that stop at every station between Osaka Station and Kyotanabe Station .
The cars of this type were transferred from the Osaka Loop Line to the Hanwa Line .
At the same time , the section between Kyoto Station and Nara Station was opened to traffic by the Japan National Railways ( JNR ) .
In parallel with the opening of the Tokaido Main Line ( JR Kyoto Main Line ) , the Tokaido Main Line ( Main Line ) and the Sanyo Main Line ( Main Line ) , the route was extended to the east of the station to the east of the station , and then to the west of the station was extended to the east of the station to the east of the station until it was abolished in 1889 .
At the same time , the Nara Electric Railway ( currently the Kintetsu Kyoto Line ) opened a new station on the east side of the station .
November 12 , 1897 : The station opened as a facility of the Tokaido Main Line ( the present-day JR Kyoto Line ) .
Inari Station commenced operation .
November 12 , 1897 : The station was inaugurated when the section between Kyoto and Nara on the Tokaido Main Line was opened .
Fushimi Station opened .
Keihan Kyoto Main Line
November 1 : The station opened as a branch line of the Tokaido Main Line .
Station 's station opened .
November 1 , 1896 : The station opened as a branch line of the Japanese Imperial Government ( the second branch line ) .
JR Tozai Line : Rokujizo Station - Rokujizo Station - Uji Station
November 1 : The line between Kusatsu and Kizu ( between Kizu and Kizu ) was opened to traffic .
Shiki Station - Kizu Station - Kizu Station
November 1 : The line between Kamo Station and Nara Station was extended and opened to traffic .
April 12 : The station opened .
November 1 , 1897 : The station was renamed as Inari Station of the Nara Electric Railway .
April 1 , 1918 : The station opened .
October 1 : The unit of operation distance was shortened from miles to meters , and the unit of operation distance was changed from miles to meters .
October 1 , 1898 : The station became a Kansai Railway Company station as a result of amalgamation .
October 1 , 1907 : The Kansai Railway Company was nationalized .
October 1 , 1897 : The station was inaugurated as a facility of Kyoto City Trams .
October 1 , 1895 : The station was inaugurated as a facility on the Nara Line of the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
November 1 , 1896 : The station was opened when the section between Tenmabashi Station and Uji Station was opened .
June 1 , 1897 : The station was opened when the Kyoto - Sonobe section came into operation .
January 22 , 1898 : The station was abolished .
August 1 , 1918 : The station was abolished .
April 1 , 1896 : The station opened with the extension of the line between Tenmabashi Station and Shin-Kizu Station .
November 12 , 1898 : The line between Kyoto Station and Shin-Kizu Station opened , and the line between Nagoya Station and Shin-Kizu Station opened .
The operating distance ( operation distance ) of the line was extended to Maizuru Station .
The line between Inari Station and Fushimi Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) became a double line .
- The section between Otani Station and Nagao Station opened ( railway ) .
April 1 , 1898 : The station was relocated to the south side of Kamo Station .
November 1 , 1902 : The operation of the station commenced .
The line between Kamo Station and Shin-Kizu Station was abolished .
November 1 , 1898 : The entire line was extended and opened to traffic .
Fushimi Station was abolished .
April 1 , 1930 : The unit of operation distance was changed from miles to meters ( from miles to meters ) .
November 1 , 1957 : The station was upgraded to a station , and the station was upgraded to a station located on the west side of the station .
November 12 , 1928 : The station was inaugurated when the station opened .
December 12 , 1928 : Hanazono Station commenced operation .
November 1 , 2003 : The station was inaugurated .
April 1 , 1949 : The station opened .
April 1 , 1984 : The operation of electric cars started .
October 1 , 1984 : The section between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station was electrified .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113
Tokaido Main Line ( Biwako Line ) and Sanyo Main Line ( Biwako Line )
April 1 , 1987 : The station became a facility of the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) due to the division and privatization of JNR .
Japan Freight Railway Company ( JR West ) took over the railway business .
March 1 , 2000 : The JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 183 started operating .
April 15 , 2002 : The station opened .
It is a stop at Kyoto Station .
July 1 , 2000 : The JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 was introduced .
( West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) Suburban Train Series 207 )
April 1 , 1997 : The station was inaugurated as a facility of the Tozai Line .
March 15 , 2000 : The station became a stop at which express trains stop .
April 1 , 2000 : The Kyoto Municipal Subway Tozai Line began operating between Uji Station and Uji Station .
JR Ogura Station opened .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113
March 15 : The rapid express trains began making stops at every station on the line .
March 15 , 2001 : The station became a stop for rapid trains bound for Uji Station ( JR West ) and rapid trains bound for Uji Station .
Japan Freight Railway Company ( JR West ) started operations on the same day .
October 1 , 2000 : The number of passengers boarding at this station was increased to four , and the number of passengers getting on and off at this station was increased .
July 12 , 1977 : The construction of the new building was completed .
October 1 , 2000 : The Kyoto Municipal Transportation Bureau began operating .
At the same time , the JR Tozai Line and the Kyoto Municipal Subway Tozai Line run on the opposite side of the station , but the details aren 't known .
Keihan Electric Railway Co . , Ltd . , operates two different lines , one on the east and west sides of the station , and the other on the south side of the station is on the east side of the station .
As mentioned above , the section between Kyoto Station and Sonobe Station was opened to traffic and the entire line was opened to traffic .
Keihan Electric Railway Co . , Ltd . , operates a special express bus that starts from and ends at this station and ends at the same time as a special express train that stops at this station .
The station building of the Osaka Municipal Subway Tozai Line was moved to the south side of the station .
For details , refer to the article of Nara Municipal Subway Tozai Line .
According to the Kyoto Prefecture Statistics Report
( from / to Kyoto Station ) - Rokujizo Station - ( from / to Yamato-Saidaiji Station ) - ( from / to Rokujizo Station )
According to the Kyoto Prefecture Statistics Report
Kamo Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) : 95 km / h
Keiji Bypass is a community road connecting Kita Ward , Kyoto City and Kita Ward , Kyoto City .
The area around the station is designated as an administrative district .
The section of National Route 24 , which is under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism , is under construction .
From the south exit of the station , the Meishin Expressway , the Meishin Expressway , and the Meishin Expressway run through Osaka City from the north to the south .
Meishin Expressway ( National Route 9 ) - Kyoto Outer Loop Expressway - > Kyoto Outer Loop Expressway - > National Route 1 - > Kyoto Outer Loop Expressway - > Kyoto Outer Loop Expressway - > Kyoto Outer Loop Expressway
The construction of the Tokaido Main Line and the Kyoto Outer Loop Expressway were completed , and as a result , the construction of the National Route 24 Kyoto Outer Loop Expressway and the National Route 1 Kyoto Outer Loop Expressway were completed .
The section between the east and west of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) is designated as National Highway Route No. 24 .
The section between the Oyamazaki Interchange and the Oyamazaki Interchange is under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism .
At the same time , there is no route bus service , and the route bus service and route bus service are available .
Please refer to the section on ' Keiji Bypass ' for details .
Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture
Oyamazaki-cho , Otokuni-gun , Kyoto Prefecture
Height above sea level : 16 km
Road width : 2 lanes
Design speed : 95 km / h
June 31 , 2000 : The construction of the steam locomotive was completed .
Shiga Prefecture
Kyoto Prefecture
Uji City : Oyamazaki-cho , Otokuni-gun , Kyoto Prefecture
Meishin Expressway No. 8 Interchange - Meishin Expressway
Meishin Expressway ( Kyoto Tanba Interchange ) : Meishin Expressway
Oyamazaki Interchange - Oyamazaki Interchange - Oyamazaki Interchange - Meishin Expressway
Keinawa Expressway runs under the bridge .
The facilities of the facility are not open to the public .
Roads are operated by local municipalities unless otherwise specified .
West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) : Kusatsu Line
( West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) and West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) Kyoto Kotsu Co . , Ltd . )
October 12 , 2000 : The entire line was extended and opened .
November 1 , 2000 : The entire line was opened .
After the establishment of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism , the construction of Shinkansen was started .
October 1 , 1898 : The entire line was extended and opened to traffic .
October 1 , 2005 : The station opened .
Fiscal year 2005 Average Traffic Volume ( Road Traffic Volume )
Oyamazaki Interchange - Oyamazaki Interchange
The section between the east side of the station and the west side of the station is under construction , and the section between the east side of the station and the west side is under construction .
At the end of the year , it was planned to build a studio in the vicinity of the main building of the " Red Cross Sutra . "
The section between the east side of the station and the west side of the station is under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism , and the section between the two stations is under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism .
In addition to the above , there are two types of facilities : the one in front of the gate of the Tokaido Shinkansen , the one in front of the station , and the one in front of the gate of the station , and the one in front of the gate of the station , and the one in front of the gate of the station .
However , the construction of the Tokaido Main Line was delayed due to the fact that the track of the Tokaido Main Line was elevated and the track of the Tokaido Main Line was elevated .
The route to the south of this station is a route to the south of the Tokaido Main Line , and the route to the south is a route to the south .
On the other hand , there is a big difference between the two sides of the road , and there is a big difference between the two sides of the road and the other side of the road .
National Route 1 runs through the town .
For example , the section north of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) , the section south of the station , and the section south of the station are operated .
The section between the Kamo Interchange and the Kamo Interchange opened .
As mentioned above , the section between the east side of the station and the west side of the station is open to traffic .
The width of the road is higher than that of the road , so it is difficult to keep the distance from the road .
Uji City - Yawata City - Joyo City - Joyo City - Joyo City
Kumiyama Town Office ( Kyoto Prefecture )
East is upper , and west is lower .
The left is on the left and right side is on the right .
Fiscal year 2005 Average Traffic Volume ( Road Traffic Volume )
2 chome , Minami Ward , Osaka City
Kumiyama Town Hall - Yawata City Hall
Kizu Regional Development Bureau ( Kinki Regional Transport Bureau )
Kyoto Prefecture Road No. 8 , Kyoto Tanba Road No. 8 , National Road No. 27 , Kyoto Jukan Jidoshado Expressway
Kyoto Prefecture Road Public Corporation ( tentative name : Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism )
Kosho-ji Temple , located in Maizuru City , Kyoto Prefecture , is a temple of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) .
The Otani school of the Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) is one of the schools of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) and one of the schools of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) .
In the same year , the formal name of the temple was changed to Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) .
The name of the street comes from the fact that the street names such as ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple ' and ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple ' are used .
( Refer to the article on the history of Hongan-ji Temple for details . )
In the following year , 1602 , the eighth chief priest of Nishi Hongan-ji Temple , Ieyasu TOKUGAWA , was born as the second son of Hideyoshi TOYOTOMI , and the temple became a branch temple of Nishi Hongan-ji Temple .
The temple is located in Higashiyama Ward , Kyoto City , and the name of the street comes from the fact that the temple was located in Higashiyama Ward , Kyoto City .
In 1941 , it was divided into two groups : one group and the other group , and the other group was integrated into one group , and the group was integrated into one group .
At the same time , the Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) was founded at the foot of Mt . Funaoka , and the name of the temple was changed to ' Bukko-ji Temple ' and the name of the temple was changed to ' Bukko-ji Temple ' and the name of the temple was changed to ' Bukko-ji Temple . '
The name of the school is derived from the fact that the Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) and the Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) do not have the same name .
Refer to the attack on the castle .
At the beginning of the Showa period , there was a large number of buildings including the main hall of the temple , including the main hall of the temple and the hojo ( Abbot 's quarters ) of the main hall of the temple , and this was the beginning of the Edo period when the ' History of Japan ' and ' History of Japan ' were destroyed by fire during the war .
The principal image is Amida Nyorai ( Amitabha Tathagata ) , which was burned down during the Great Fire of the Tenmei era .
The Sanmon gate is one of the three gates in Japan .
Color on silk portrait of Shinran Shonin ( national treasure ) .
The area around the station is designated as a World Heritage Site .
He was the present chief priest of Otani University .
National Treasure
Important Cultural Properties
Walk from Tofukuji Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) of the Keihan Electric Railway
University
Otani University
Kyoto Koka Women 's University
Osaka Otani University
Junior high school
Osaka University of Art
Osaka Music School
Osaka Women 's University
Myoren-ji Temple ( Chuo Ward , Osaka City )
Kyoto Prefectural Oki Senior High School ( old education system ) was established .
It is abbreviated as ' ki . '
He was the first president of Doshisha University .
In 1871 , he became a professor at the University of Tokyo .
The rolling stock used for the operation was changed to Express .
1870 : The School of Science was renamed as the School of Medicine .
The second temporary teacher training school , temporary teacher training school , Tokyo Imperial University ( closed in 1886 )
In 1886 : First temporary teacher training school , temporary teacher training school , temporary teacher training school
In 1880 , he became a professor at Osaka School of Foreign Languages ( present-day Osaka University ) .
In 1898 , he became a professor at Osaka Prefectural University .
In 1880 , he became a professor at Osaka Prefectural University .
In 1886 , he became an instructor at the Third Higher Middle School ( old education system ) .
In 1890 , he became a professor at the University of Tokyo , and then became a professor at the University of Tokyo .
Faculty of Medicine was renamed Faculty of Medicine .
In the same year , he became a professor of Kyoto Prefectural First Junior High School ( present-day Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City ) .
Faculty of Economics was established .
In 1891 , he became the principal of the Third Higher School .
Doshisha Junior High School ( under the old system ) was closed .
The Faculty of Engineering was established .
In 1890 , he was transferred to the Department of Political Science of Kyoto Imperial University ( current Faculty of Letters ) .
Faculty of Law ( Faculty of Law , Faculty of Law ) was established in the same year .
In 1898 , the Faculty of Medicine was established .
Faculty of Letters , Faculty of Letters , Kyoto Imperial University , was established in 1939 , and Faculty of Letters was established in the same year .
The following year , he became a regular course at the Third High School ( old system ) .
It was renamed as Faculty of Commerce in the same year .
Graduate School of Social Welfare and Graduate School of Social Welfare were established in 2001 .
2007 : The Faculty of Social Studies was established .
Faculty of Commerce was abolished .
2004 : Faculty of Social Studies and Faculty of Social Studies were established .
Refer to the article on the History of Japan .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is a god ( Shinto ) who appears in Japanese Mythology .
The shrine was referred to as ' Ame no Minakanushi no Kami ' or ' Ame no Minakanushi no Kami ' in Japanese .
This is a shrine where the gods of heaven and earth are enshrined .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) appears in " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) .
It is also known as Ame no Minakanushi no Mikoto .
The " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) gives the same name as the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
There is a theory that he was not a male god but a female god .
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , it was decided that the divine spirit of the divine spirit of the divine spirit of the divine spirit of the divine spirit of the divine spirit of the divine spirit of the divine spirit of the divine sword should be transferred to the new building of the shrine , and that the divine spirit of the sword should be transferred to the new building of the shrine or the new building of the shrine .
The Three Sacred Treasures of the Imperial Family , the Yata no Kagami ( mirror ) , and the Yasakani no magatama ( comma-shaped jewel ) , are collectively referred to as the Three Sacred Treasures of the Imperial Family .
The " Kojiki " ( Records of Ancient Matters ) has the same form as the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
The " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) describes that the shrine was originally a shrine maiden .
Descriptions in mythology
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , when the fire broke out in the middle of the night , he went back to his hometown , where he saw the god of fire , Izanagi and Izanami .
He was born between Izanagi and Izanami , and his right eye was given the name of ' Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi . '
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) was ordered to go back to his country .
Izanagi went to the land of the dead , and went to the land of the dead , but he did not go back to the land of the dead .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , who was his older brother , Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , went back to his hometown , Yamato Province , where he was ordered by Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , who was his older brother , to go back to his hometown .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , who was born between the two gods , Izanagi and Izanami , is said to have given birth to two gods : Izanagi and Izanami , and they are said to have given birth to two gods .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , the sun god , is said to have been born between the two gods .
Amenokoyane no Mikoto
Ame no Minakanushi no Kami
Yamatohime no Kami
KASAYA Shrine
Yamatohime no Mikoto
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) hid herself in the Ama no iwato ( Cave of Heaven ) of the Ama no iwato ( Cave of Heaven ) .
The life and death of a person in this world will last long .
In the same year , Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) and her younger brother , Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , who were ordered to go to the land of the land of the dead , made the land of the land of the dead , and made the land of the land of the dead ( the land of the dead ) .
Ashihara no Nakatsukuni ( literally , " Central Land of Reed Plains , " which refers to the human world )
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , who was about to go back to his hometown , Ashihara no Nakatsukuni ( literally , " Central Land of Reed Plains , " which refers to the " Central Land of Reed Plains , " which refers to the human world ) , was born , and he became a priest .
Commentary
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is said to have given birth to a child of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , but it is not known whether this is true or not because of the fact that they were ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
It is considered to be a part of the Shinto religion from ancient times .
The name of the god ' comes from the fact that the wife of the god ' is a daughter of the god .
It is said that the gods of heaven and earth were born from the same family , but they were originally from the same family .
One of the reasons for this is that the Empress Jito , who lived in the early stage of the kofun period ( tumulus period ) , was the same person as her mother , Empress Jito .
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , on the other hand , the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) describes that , on the other hand , the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) describes that , on the other hand , the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) describes that , on the other hand , the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) describes that , on the other hand , the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , on the other hand , it describes that , on the other hand , the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , on the other hand , on the first day of the eighth month of the eighth month of the year of the year of the Tensho ( around the eighth year of the Tensho era ) , when Buddhism was introduced to the Chinese continent and on the first day of the eighth month of the eighth year of the year of the Tensho era , when Buddhism ,
In addition , there is a description in the " Engishiki " ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) that says that the gods of heaven and earth , the gods of earth , the gods of heaven and earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth and earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth and earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth , the gods of water , and the gods of water .
The " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) describes that the origin of the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) can be traced back to the time when the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) was compiled , and that the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) describes that the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) describes that the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) describes that there was a large gap between these two types of deities .
It is said that , in the past , there was a custom in which people in the eastern part of Japan and people in the eastern part of Japan came to believe that this was because of the influence of the influence of the Chinese continent .
The " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) also states that this is the beginning of the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
The following is a summary of the incident .
645 : The Taika Reforms took place .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) was not enshrined in this shrine .
Ame no Murakumo no Tsurugi ' refers to the ' Ame no Murakumo no Tsurugi . '
She is the only goddess to be referred to as a ' goddess . '
In the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , there is a description that " the shrine is located at the east side of the main shrine , while in the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , it is written that " the shrine is located at the east side of the main shrine , and in the " Shinsen Shojiroku " ( Newly Compiled Register of Clan Names and Titles of Nobility ) , the shrine is located at the east side of the main shrine , and in the " Shinsen Shojiroku " ( Newly Compiled Register of Clan Names and Titles of Nobility ) , the shrine is located at the east side of the main shrine . "
The clan was descended from the same ancestor as the Mononobe clan , and the clan was descended from the same ancestor as Ame no Hoakari no Mikoto .
He was a younger paternal half-brother of Empress Jingu .
672 : The Jinshin War occurred .
The name of the god is ' Ame no Minakanushi no Kami ' ( one of the gods in Japanese mythology ) and ' Ame no Minakanushi no Kami ' ( one of the gods in Japanese mythology ) .
In addition , there is a theory that the name of ' Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi ' ( literally , " Heavenly Sword of heaven " ) comes from the fact that the name of ' Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi ' ( literally , " Heavenly Sword of heaven " ) and ' Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi ' ( literally , " Heavenly Sword of heaven " ) comes from the name of ' Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi . '
Ichinomiya ( shrine listed in Engishiki ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) ) was established in 1895 .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) was ' the sun god . '
She was a goddess .
She was also a member of the Imperial Family who lived in the early Kofun period ( tumulus period ) .
At the same time , it was also referred to as ' Tenno ' or ' Tenno . '
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , it is said that the shrine was named after the posthumous Buddhist name of the Emperor , and that the shrine was named after the posthumous name of the Emperor , and that the shrine was named after the place where the shrine was located .
In 1872 , he became a Shinto priest of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) and was enshrined at the Yasukuni-jinja Shrine .
According to the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , the gods of heaven and earth were separated from each other , and the gods of heaven and earth were separated from each other , and the gods of earth and earth were separated from each other , and the gods of heaven and earth were separated from each other , and the gods of heaven and earth were transferred from each other , and the gods of heaven and earth were transferred from each other , and the gods of heaven and earth were transferred from each other .
It is said that the reason why the gods of heaven and earth were separated was because ' the gods of heaven and earth , ' ' the gods of earth and earth , ' ' the gods of earth , ' ' the gods of earth and earth , ' ' the God of earth , ' ' the God of the land , ' ' the Buddha of the land , ' ' the Buddha of the land , ' ' the Buddha of the land , ' and so on , was that there was a strong opposition between them .
With the help of the people of the province , the people of the province were afraid that ' the people of the province will be destroyed ' and ' the people of the province will be killed ' and the people of the province will be saved by the ' people of the province ' and the ' people of the province . '
After the demise of Emperor Meiji , it was decided that the Imperial Throne should be returned to the original Emperor .
It is said that this was the beginning of the policy of the separation of Buddhism and Shintoism , but in reality , it was the time when the authority of the Imperial Court was strengthened .
Refer to State Shinto .
According to the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) , she became a nun and gave birth to a child .
On the other hand , in the case of ' Amaterasu Omikami ' ( the Sun Goddess ) , it is believed that the original form of the divine spirit of the divine spirit of the divine spirit of the divine spirit of the divine spirit of the divine spirit of the divine spirit of the divine sun was changed from ' Shiki ' to ' Shiki . '
On the other hand , there is a theory that says that the number of people who did not participate in the war was less than ten , and that the number of people who did not participate in the war was more than ten .
In 1928 , he was designated as an Important Intangible Cultural Property of Japan ( Living National Treasure ) .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is a symbol of the prosperity of Japan .
In addition to the above , there is a theory that says that the land of the dead was ' heaven , ' ' earth , ' ' earth , ' and ' earth , ' and the land of the dead were ' earth . '
Enshrined deities in the main shrine
The shrines that enshrine Amaterasu Omikami are listed in the ' Engishiki ' ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) as well as in other shrines that enshrine Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
The shintai ( an object of worship housed in a Shinto shrine and believed to contain the spirit of a deity ) is located at the east end of the bridge .
Most of the shrines that enshrine the gods are listed in the " Engishiki " ( List of Official Shrines ) .
Bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered the use of the kanji ( Chinese characters ) " ho " ( pronounced " ho " in Japanese ) and " ho " ( pronounced " ho " in Japanese ) .
He was also known as a man of high virtue .
( He was not allowed to wear a sword . )
They were originally a group of people living in the area .
In addition , in the medieval period , the term was used to refer to a person who was close to a lord or a lord of a manor .
Shugo daimyo ( shugo , which were Japanese provincial military governors , that became daimyo , which were Japanese feudal lords ) in the Sengoku Period ( Period of Warring States ) .
Sengoku daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) in the Sengoku period ( period of warring states ) ( Japan ) saw this as a symbol of their control over their own territories .
In the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , it was the first time for a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) to use the name of his own territory .
A hatamoto ( direct retainers of the bakufu , which is a form of Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was entitled to ride on a horse .
In addition , the term " sengoku daimyo " ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) refers to the following :
The history of the domain in the Edo period is as follows .
For details , refer to the article of the Sengoku daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) .
Daimyo in the Edo period
In the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , the three families , namely the Tokugawa family , the Tokugawa family , the Asano family , and the Asano family , were promoted to the rank of Jugoi ( Junior Fifth Rank ) .
Fudai daimyo ( a daimyo in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) and hatamoto ( direct retainers of the bakufu , which is a form of Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , such as the Battle of Sekigahara , the Battle of Sekigahara , the Battle of Sekigahara , and the Battle of Sekigahara , were granted the family name of Matsudaira and the family name of Matsudaira .
During the reign of Emperor Goyozei , he was given the family name of Matsudaira by the Emperor 's order , and he was given the family name of Matsudaira by the Emperor 's order , but after the death of his father , he became a vassal of the Tokugawa family and became a vassal of the Tokugawa family , receiving the title of Matsudaira , receiving the family name of Matsudaira , receiving the family name of Matsudaira from the Emperor , receiving the title of Matsudaira from the Imperial Court , receiving the title of Matsudaira from the Imperial Court , and receiving the title of Matsudaira from the Imperial Court .
In the same year , he was adopted by Ieyasu TOKUGAWA , the head of the family , and became the lord of the Odawara Domain in Sagami Province .
After the Battle of Sekigahara , he was given important posts by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , such as roju ( member of shogun 's council of elders ) and roju ( member of shogun 's council of elders ) , and was given important posts by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
In addition , in the case of the former lord of the domain , the Ii clan , the Uesugi clan , and the Mori clan , the lord of the domain , were punished by being deprived of their official ranks , and in the case of the latter half of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , many daimyo ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and hatamoto ( direct retainers of the bakufu ) were punished by being deprived of their official ranks by being deprived of their official ranks , and in the case of the former lord of the domain , the Mori clan , the lord of the domain , the Mori clan , the lord of the domain , and the Mori clan , the lord of the domain .
At the same time , the military power of the clan was strengthened .
At the time of the Battle of Sekigahara , the Ii family and the Matsudaira family were ranked as daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
On the other hand , there was an incident in which a vassal of the Tokugawa family , who was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) .
From the beginning of the Edo period , the Mori clan , the Mori clan , the Mori clan , the Mori clan , the Mori clan , the Mori clan , the Mori clan , the Mori clan , the Mori clan , the Mori clan , the Mori clan , the Mori clan , the Mori clan , the Mori clan , and so on were allowed to enter the Imperial Palace ; however , they were allowed to enter the Imperial Palace as a special case for the first time in the history of Japan , and from the beginning of the Edo period , they were allowed to enter the Imperial Palace as a special case for the first time in the history of Japan .
In addition , in the case of the former case of the former case , the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the Kaga domain of Kaga Domain , the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the feudal lords of the territory of the territory of the territory of the territory of the Kaga Domain and the Kaga Domain , the former
For details , please refer to the article on " The Family Tree of the Tokugawa Family . "
Daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) in the Sengoku period ( period of warring states ) , who had more than 10,000 koku ( crop yields ) , had more than 10,000 koku ( crop yield ) and had more than 10,000 koku ( crop yield ) .
In addition , there was a system in which a person was allowed to ride a horse .
His territory was 10,000 koku , and his family was a branch family of the Ogasawara clan in Shimotsuke Province .
It is said that he was a descendant of the Ashikaga clan .
In the same year , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) and daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) to build a new system .
In addition , in the early Edo period , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) to take care of the price of rice for the sake of the war .
It is also called Buke Shohatto ( Laws for the Military Houses ) .
He was a member of Kizokuin ( the House of Peers ) and a viscount .
He was a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) who lived in the castle town .
In addition , the residence of the lord of the domain was located in front of the gate of Edo-jo Castle .
He was also a member of samurai family .
Daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) 's procession entered into the castle at the request of the Imperial Court .
In some cases , the term refers to a person who is in charge of the construction .
The Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) to build a castle at the foot of Mt . Tsukuba .
He was a feudal retainer of the domain .
In addition , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to make a living by selling raw silk fabric and raw silk fabric .
Roju ( member of shogun 's council of elders ) was in charge of the security of the castle .
Fushin fushin :
He had an audience with the feudal lords .
They were ordered by the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to do so by the roju ( member of shogun 's council of elders ) .
It is a dish in which fish and shellfish are placed on top of the pot .
On the other hand , it is said that there is a tea ceremony room .
It is made from fish meat and meat .
Those who were in charge of the tea ceremony were allowed to enter the castle .
It is a very large dish .
In addition to the above , there is a description that says that he was good at making lacquer ware , lacquer ware , and lacquer ware .
It is made of plain wood .
In the early modern period , it was written in kanji ( Chinese characters ) , and in kanji ( Chinese characters ) , it was written in kanji ( Chinese characters ) , and in kanji ( Chinese characters ) , and in kanji ( Chinese characters ) , it was written in kanji ( Chinese characters ) or kana ( Japanese syllabary ) .
It was not until the Edo period that the word ' Kosode ' came to be used as a general noun .
For example , in the 21st century , there was a custom of using the kanji ( Chinese characters ) as a phonetic equivalent and using the kanji ( Chinese characters ) as a phonetic equivalent , but in recent years , the usage of kanji ( Chinese characters ) and kana ( Japanese syllabary characters ) has become common .
From the beginning of the Edo period to the beginning of the Meiji period , the word ' Kosode ' came to be used .
Shugo daimyo ( shugo , which were Japanese provincial military governors , that became daimyo , which were Japanese feudal lords )
Fudai daimyo ( a daimyo in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) and tozama daimyo ( nonhereditary feudal lord )
Domains
Sessho ( regent )
