The mausoleum
Eisai was a Buddhist monk who lived in the early Kamakura period .
He was the founder of the Soto Sect .
At that time , he was commonly called as ' master of calligraphy . '
It is also known as ' sei . '
His shigo ( posthumous name ) was Daito Kokushi .
He was also known as Dogen .
It is said that the custom of eating hot water with hot water was introduced into Japan from China .
It is said that the origin of the name of the place where the sun rises is that of the sun .
His father was MINAMOTO no Akifusa , who held the title of Udaijin ( Minister of the Right ) , and his mother was from the same family as his father , FUJIWARA no Ishi .
His father was MINAMOTO no Yoritomo , and he was promoted to Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) and transferred to the position of betto ( chief officer ) of Kiyomizu-dera Temple , but there is also a theory that he was a son of his uncle , MINAMOTO no Yoshiyasu , who was a close aide of Emperor Goshirakawa .
His father was MINAMOTO no Akifusa , who was Udaijin ( minister of the right ) .
His eldest son , Kanehira IMAI , died young , and he was called ' the father of Yoshitsune ' in " Azuma Kagami " ( The Mirror of the East ) .
It is said that he was not only a son of his older brother , but also a son of Kanpaku ( chief adviser to the Emperor ) , Sanetsune ICHIJO , and he also had a close relationship with the Imperial Court after he died .
There is a theory that he was a child of Shinran , but he was not a direct descendant of Shinran .
The book was written by Basho MATSUO , and it is said that the book was written by him .
In the same year , he entered into priesthood with his father , and entered Mt . Koya .
He became a priest and was given the title of Daishi ( a title of honor given to a Buddhist priest ) of Mt . Hiei in 1235 .
He became a priest of the Tendai Sect in 1177 and studied under Honen .
He became a disciple of Priest Myoe of Tofuku-ji Temple in Kyoto in 1212 .
In the same year , he went to China to study under Soto Sect founder Ippen and received the title of Kokushi ( provincial governor ) of Izumo Province .
He was returned to his original rank in 1212 .
He became the chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple in Kyoto City .
After the incident , he was exiled to Mt . Hiei .
He was appointed to the Governor of Echizen Province by the order of his father in March , 1939 .
The temple was originally located at the foot of Mt . Funaoka in Omi Province , and was given the title of " Ukyo no daibu " ( Master of the Western Capital Offices ) by Yoshimasa TANAKA .
In 1602 , he founded Kosho-ji Temple in Izumi Province .
In the same year , he changed his name to Daito Kokushi and became the chief priest of Tofuku-ji Temple .
After the fall of the Kamakura bakufu , he served as a close aide of FUJIWARA no Yoritsune .
It was in the Kamakura period when the Zen sect was introduced to Japan , but it was in fact brought back to Japan in August of the same year .
In the same year , he died at the age of 44 , and in the following year , he was sent to the care of his uncle , Masayoshi HOTTA , who was the chief priest of Tofuku-ji Temple in Kyoto , and died at the age of 81 .
It is said that he died of illness .
In the case of the Buddha 's sariras , the Buddha 's sariras are not only the ones that are difficult to understand , but also the ones that are difficult to achieve , so that they can be seen in the same way as the ones that are not seen in the other Buddha 's teachings , so that they can be seen in the same way as the ones that are not seen in the past .
It is said that the Nichiren sect had a long history , but it was written in the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) .
- The Buddha 's teachings will be lost in this world .
The following is the example :
3 . All of them can be used .
It is said that he had only one teacher .
The color of the skin and the skin of a plant
It is a good example of the Buddha 's teachings that all things except Buddha 's teachings are saved .
The three treasures of Buddhism .
It is said that the reason why only one of his own disciples could not become a Buddha was that he did not have the right to go to the Pure Land , and that he did not have the right to go to the Pure Land , which was the fundamental principle of Buddhism , and that he had the right to go to the Pure Land .
" Kuyo " ( Buddhist prayer )
" Nihon Koten Bungaku Taikei " ( The Complete Works of Japanese Classic Literature ) ( Iwanami Shoten , Publishers , 1969 )
" Shin Nihon Koten Bungaku Taikei " ( Complete Collection of Japanese Literature , Volume 2 , Kodansha Ltd . )
" Shin Nihon Koten Bungaku Taikei " ( The Complete Works of Japanese Classic Literature ) ( Iwanami Shoten , 1979 )
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " ( translated by Shokei SHIBATA , translated by Shokei SHIBATA , published by Iwanami Shoten )
" The Complete Works of English " ( Iwanami Shoten , 1993 ) ISBN Property
" Obaku Hatto " ( The Rules of the Obaku Sect )
" Kanjo " ( Buddhist mass )
" The Complete Works of Old Man " ( Kodansha Ltd . , 1979 )
" Shinsen Shojiroku " ( Newly Compiled Register of Clan Names and Titles of Nobility )
Dogen 's " Selected Biography of High Priest Dogen "
" The Book of the Gods and the Moon " by Shokei SHIBATA Publishing Co . , Ltd . , 1938
" Fudo " ( published by Iwanami Shoten , Publishers , 1993 )
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " ( Iwanami Shoten , 1976 )
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " ( translated by Shokei SHIBATA , published by Kodansha Ltd . )
" Volume 10 " ( Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra ) , published by Iwanami Shoten , 1993
" Commentary on the Pure Land " written by Sogi ( Iwanami Shoten , 2005 )
" Shihon Kokushi Taikei " ( The Complete Works of the Japanese Buddhist Literature ) was compiled by Shuho Myocho and published by Iwanami Shoten .
List of books
" Selected Biography of Master Ikkyu " written by Kenko YOSHIDA
" The Complete Works of Art " ( The Collection of the National Museum of Japanese Literature )
Color on silk portrait of Muso Kokushi " inscribed by Sogi
" Commentary on the Pure Land " ( 2 volumes )
" Bussetsu Muryoju-kyo " ( Sutra of the Buddha of the Buddha of the Present ) , translated by Shokei SHIBATA , published by Kodansha Ltd .
" Nihon Koten Bungaku Zenshu " ( Complete Collection of Japanese Literature , Volume 2 ) ( property of Tokyo National Museum )
" Collection of Buddhist Scriptures , " Volume 3 , Volume 3 , by Ki Shoin , published by Chuo Koronsha in 1966
" Bussetsu Muryoju-kyo " ( Sutra of Amida Buddha ) ( Important Cultural Property )
His travel diary was included in ' Complete Works of Yukichi FUKUZAWA ' published by Iwanami Shoten Publishing Co . , Ltd .
By Ryotaro SHIBA , " The Last Man in the Boat " ( NHK Taiga Drama ) .
His last work is " The Story of Mr. Ito " ( stored at the National Museum of Japanese History ) .
The title of the book was " The Story of Mr. Itagaki " by NHK Asahi .
" Commentary on the Meditation Sutra " written by Shuho Myocho
Located in front of the Museum of Modern Art , Kyoto , Nijo Station ( Kyoto Prefecture )
The company was founded as a result of the establishment of a new company , and in September of 1931 , it was decided to build a new company in the vicinity of the current location of the station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) , and in September of the same year , it was decided to build a new company in the area of the former Tanba Province ( Hyogo Prefecture ) , and in September of the same year , it was decided to build a new company in the western part of Japan ( Kyoto Prefecture ) , and in September of the same year , the first one in the western part of the western part of the prefecture was opened .
In the wake of the division and privatization of JNR in 1987 , the station became a JR West station .
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum is located in the station yard , and the station building is located in the station yard and the train depot is located in the station yard .
In the early Showa period , it was decided that the construction of steam locomotives would not be completed , and the number of steam locomotives that were used for the operation was reduced to one .
It is said that the former was ' the first public exhibition of all people in Japan ' and the former was ' the second public exhibition of all people in Kyoto Prefecture ' and the former was ' the second public exhibition of all people in Shimane Prefecture ' and the latter was the first public exhibition of all people in Hiroshima Prefecture .
For the first time , a steam locomotive was used for the first time in a steam locomotive , but the steam locomotive was not used for the second time in a steam locomotive .
The Museum of Modern Art , Kyoto , is located at the east end of the street , and the building is located at the south end of the street , and the building is also called ' The Museum of Modern Art , ' and the Museum of Art and Engineering , at the north end of the street .
April 1 , 1934 : The first floor was made of wood , and the second floor was made of wood , and the third floor was made of wood .
In 2004 , it was designated as a special historic site .
The building was built in the same year as the main building of the Museum of Modern Art , and the main building of the Museum was built in the same year with the main building of the main building of the Museum of Modern Art , and the second floor of the station was opened in 1996 .
The building was originally built in the south of the station , but in 1990 it was moved to the south of the station by the Kyoto Prefectural Government , and it was completed in the south of the station .
The station house was moved to the current site in Sagano by the order of the Emperor in 1987 , and the construction of a new station on the Sanin Main Line was completed in the same year , and the construction of a new station on the Kitano Line was completed in the same year , and the construction work of a new station building was completed in the same year , and the construction of a new station building was completed in the vicinity of the former Kyoto Station Building , which was built in the vicinity of the former site of the Kyoto Station , and the construction of a new station house was completed in the same year .
April , 1994 : Designated as a national important cultural property .
In the early Showa period , there were two types of steam locomotives : one was a model of a steam locomotive and one was a model of a steam locomotive .
In the past , the number of people who had been engaged in the construction of the new building increased by two years , and in the end , the number of people who had been engaged in the construction of the new building was reduced to four , and in the end , the number of people who had been engaged in the construction of the new building was four ( six ) and six ( eight ) , but in the end , the total length of the new building was four ( eight ) , and in the same size , the total length of the new building was six ( eight ) .
The trains that arrive at and depart from Platform 3 are operated in the section between Takarazuka Station and Amanohashidate Station , and the trains that depart from and arrive at and depart from Platform 3 are operated in the section between Takarazuka Station and Amanohashidate Station .
However , the actual operation of the trains is not done in the same way as that of the regular railway line , and there is no record of the operation of the trains .
There are two types of steam locomotives , one is ' steam locomotives ' and the other is ' steam locomotives . '
The station house was built on the former site of the former residence of MINAMOTO no Yoshitsune , and the new building was constructed on the former site of the former residence of MINAMOTO no Yoshitsune , and the new building was constructed on the former site of the former residence of the former residence of MINAMOTO no Yoshitsune .
The area around the station is also a part of the area .
In the same year , the construction of the steam locomotive was completed , and the facilities of the steam locomotives were transferred to the Japan Freight Railway Company .
plum blossoms
It is a nickname of ' Hana ' ( flower ) .
It was made in 1919 , and in 2007 , it was made in England , and in England , it was made in the form of a steam locomotive with a steam locomotive and a steam locomotive .
The reason why the name of the office was abolished was as of 2008 .
The number of seats is only one , and the actual number of seats is said to be 100 .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 80
It was manufactured in 1932 .
It was the second class railway in Niigata Prefecture .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113
In 1914 , he became the director of Kawasaki Factory .
The operation of this bus route started with the operation of the freight service .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1991 , it was opened .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Type 120 ( 200 )
1977 : The Maizuru Red Cross Museum
He was the governor of Kumamoto Prefecture .
He was in charge of the first issue in 1981 .
In 2002 , it was opened to the public for the first time , and was opened to the public in 2002 .
JNR steam locomotive
In 1932 , he was employed as an engineer .
The company purchased the site of the Hitachi office and the Hitachi office .
In 1953 , the company started the operation .
JNR steam locomotive Type 120 ( steam locomotive )
1929 : The company was founded .
It was introduced in 1943 .
It was moved to the Museum of Modern Art , located in Ono City , Ehime Prefecture , and the new building was completed in the same year .
JNR steam locomotive steam locomotive ( steam locomotive )
It was manufactured in 1928 .
The construction work was completed in 1931 .
In the same year , he was involved in the construction of the Museum of Modern Art , Ltd . , and in 2000 , he was selected as the director of the Museum of Modern Art .
JNR steam locomotive
In 1934 , he made a locomotive arrangement with a steam locomotive .
The operation of this bus route started .
He was in charge of the first issue in 1981 .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 ( 200 )
1932 : The company purchased it from the company .
The company was incorporated into the Osaka branch of the company .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 ( 200 )
1934 : The company was manufactured by Tango Railway Co . , Ltd .
He was transferred to the Matsuyama Domain .
Kaya Steam Locomotive
It was manufactured in 1934 .
The operation of this bus route was operated with a license plate .
In 1953 , the company started the operation .
JNR steam locomotive
1944 : The company was founded .
The operation of this bus route was transferred to the Nara Line .
He was in charge of the first issue in 1981 .
JNR steam locomotive steam locomotive ( steam locomotive )
1944 : The company purchased it from Mitsubishi Corporation .
He became the governor of Kumamoto Prefecture .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1949 , the company was reorganized .
JNR / JR Kiha 58 Series Diesel Car ( steam locomotive )
1944 : The company was founded .
It was transferred to the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) in 1977 .
It was transferred to the Kinki Nippon Railway Company ( JR West ) in 1977 .
1997 : The station house was relocated to its current site .
The second generation , Type 1 type ( railway )
1944 : The company was founded .
It was the former site of the detached office of the Hokkaido Development Commission .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1949 , the company was reorganized .
Kaya Railway Co . , Ltd.
1944 : He became the first member of the House of Peers .
It was a branch office of the Bank of Japan .
He was in charge of the first issue in 1981 .
Kaya Railway steam locomotive
In 1977 , he was employed at the Kawasaki factory .
The head office was located in Hyogo Prefecture .
In 1953 , the company started the operation .
Track gauge : 130 km / h
He was registered as the second class railway business in Aichi Prefecture in 1977 .
The Tanabe branch office was established in the former Katata village .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1949 , the company was reorganized .
JNR steam locomotive
1944 : The company was founded .
The Hakodate branch office was established in this place .
He was in charge of the first issue in 1981 .
Red ink painting on a pair of white stones
Landscape ( landscape painting )
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum , Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum
Made of iron plate with a lead inscription on the upper part of the stone chamber
A pair of wooden bell ( two wooden bell )
Black ink painting on a pair of white walls
SL steam locomotive ( 700 m )
Picture of a willow tree
A pair of black ink paintings on the top of the stone
A pair of wooden sword with an inscription on the upper part
JNR / JR Kiha 40 Series Diesel Cars
The number of seats is four .
JNR / JR Passenger Car Series 10
A box lunch is available .
It is made of wood , and it is made of wood , and it is made of wood .
There is no toilet .
" History of 100 Provinces " ( tentative name : The Asahi Shinbun )
" Onmyoji " ( 2004 , Asahi Television )
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum
" The Great Buddha " was released in the Daiei film studio in the 1960s .
In 1997 , the museum was opened with a steel roof and a glass bridge .
There are two ' Second floor ' : ' Second floor , ' ' Second floor , ' and ' Second floor . '
" The New Year 's Eve " by Kiyoshi SUZUKI , December 2000
Shiki Sanban is one of the traditional performing arts .
It is used in Buddhist rites and festivals .
In China , it is also called " board Sugoroku " or " board Sugoroku . "
The name of the temple is written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
It is a part of the ancient Chinese art of calligraphy .
The Four Books and Five Classics of Confucianism , the Four Books of Confucianism , the Four Books of Confucianism , and the Four Books of Confucianism
It was introduced into Japan and became the origin of Buddhism .
In Japan , it is said that the Great Buddha Hall was built in the year when the Great Buddha Hall was built , and that the Great Buddha Hall was built in the year 794 .
During the reign of Emperor Ichijo , he was given the title of Daishi ( the third highest rank in the hierarchy of Buddhist priests ) and the title of Daishi ( the third highest rank in the hierarchy of Buddhist priests ) , and he made efforts to develop various Buddhist scriptures .
In addition , the Shingon sect and the Tendai sect have been in the position of the principal image since ancient times .
It is a part of the oral instruction .
Therefore , he was not able to become a priest .
Later on , the method of making shakuhachi was introduced .
There are two types of schools , one is the art of warfare and the other is the art of warfare .
In addition , there is a practice of using only the name of the master of learning , and in the case of using the name of the master of learning , the master of learning and the disciple of the master of learning , the master of learning and learning of the method of learning , and so on .
In addition , he was also involved in the issue of succession to the family headship .
The number of schools has decreased and the number of schools has decreased .
Tendai Sect was founded by Saicho .
After the death of Saicho , he was also engaged in the construction of Buddhist statues and Buddhist scriptures .
He was the founder of the Yuzu Nenbutsu sect .
He was born in Ohara , Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City , and was appointed as the chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple in 1162 .
It was originally named after Mt . Koya , which was located in the northeast of Mt . Koya .
He was also a chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple , and later he became the first chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple .
In addition , he established the foundation of the Shijo school and the Shijo school .
Later , he moved to Kyoto .
His style of music was changed to a new style of music .
In the past , the Tendai sect was established and the number of people who became the principal image of Buddha was increased .
Nenbutsu ( Buddhist invocation ) and nenbutsu ( Buddhist invocation ) are all included in the category of nenbutsu ( Buddhist invocation ) .
In the past , the Shingon Esoteric Buddhism sect was established .
In the later years , he received kanjo ( ceremony to be the successor ) .
It is said that he was a monk of the Tendai Sect .
He was also involved in the planning of Noh songs .
In the early-modern times , there were many cases where the three families of the Ono clan , the Ono clan , the Ono clan , and the Ono clan , were allowed to enter the Buddhist priesthood .
In the Edo period , the Shingon sect was abolished .
In the early-modern times , the Yamashina school was divided into two schools : the Yamashina school and the Yamashina school , and in the early modern period , it was divided into two schools .
It is a grand head temple of the Tendai sect , Sennyu-ji Temple , Sennyu-ji Temple , and Sennyu-ji Temple .
It is a school of the Shingon sect , and is said to be founded by Shinjo ITO , who is the chief abbot of the temple , and is also included in the category of the Shingon sect .
It was founded as the headquarters of the Rinzai sect .
In the same year , it was founded by Hideyoshi TOYOTOMI , and in the same year , it was founded by Hideyoshi TOYOTOMI , and in the same year , it was founded by Okayama City , Okayama Prefecture .
It is also known as ' The Great Wisdom Sutra ' or ' The Great Wisdom Sutra . '
It was founded by Shinjo ITO ( the founder of the Shingon sect ) .
He was a priest of the Myoshin-ji Temple in Saga ( Saga City ) .
In the same year , he built Kiyomizu-dera Temple on Mt . Koya ( Mt . Koya ) and became a priest .
Later , it was called Mt . Koya , and was called Mt . Koya and Mt . Koya .
It is also known as a " pipe stone " or " pipe stone . "
In addition , the music is accompanied by music , music , and music , and is accompanied by music .
It is a kind of music that has a high tone .
Emperor Tenchi
A woman .
Prince Otsu ( February 12 , 671 - January 28 , 1981 )
The first Emperor .
His Japanese-style posthumous name was YAMATO Takeru no Mikoto .
His imina ( personal name ) was Sukune .
His childhood name was Prince Shotoku .
He was commonly called Prince Shotoku .
The name of ' Prince Shotoku ' was ' the second ' .
Details
He was the second Prince of Emperor Jomei .
Her mother was Empress Kogyoku .
His mother was a daughter of Prince Kusakabe , Prince Kusakabe no Miko ( Emperor Tenmu ) .
In the same year , Emperor Tenchi , who was a son of SOGA no Umako , planned to make his younger brother , Prince Karu ascend to the throne .
After the Taika Reforms , the Soga clan was given the title of ' Emperor ' by the Emperor .
The next year , he was attacked by the vassals of the Imperial Court and killed by SOGA no Umako .
In the same year , he was sent to Tang Dynasty China with his father , Emperor Shomu , and in the same year , he was sent to Tang ( China ) , but he was defeated in the Battle of Hakusukinoe and returned to Japan .
In the same year , he was sent to Tang ( China ) , but he died at the age of 74 .
After the death of Emperor Tenchi , he was sent to Kyushu as an envoy in 1870 , but he was not able to take part in the war and died in the following year .
In addition , the following year , the Emishi / Ezo ( northerners / pirates ) were dispatched to the Imperial Court and the construction of new roads was completed .
The number of cap ranks was increased to four .
He was given the family name of ' Kuni no Miyatsuko ' in the year 701 .
Emperor Tenchi 's Prince , Prince Otomo ( later Emperor Tenchi ) was born .
However , after Emperor Tenmu died , he was ordered by his father , Emperor Tenchi to take the side of Prince Otomo ( Emperor Kobun ) .
Emperor Tenmu and Emperor Tenmu were born in this period .
After the death of Emperor Tenji , the lineage of Emperor Konin was succeeded by his son , Prince Kusakabe .
The next year , he married a daughter of Prince Otomo ( Emperor Kobun ) , and had a relationship with him .
Brief Personal History
A.D. 585 : He was born .
Prince Naka no Oe ( later Emperor Shomu ) : He became the Crown Prince on March 24 , 645 .
August 5 , 1870 : He was enthroned ( Emperor Junnin ) .
Emperor Tenchi ( his reign lasted from February 13 , 686 to March 28 , 1987 )
He died at the age of 56 on January 24 , 672 .
However , according to " Taiheiki " ( The Record of the Great Peace ) , he escaped from the Imperial Palace with his younger brother , Emperor Kobun , and died in battle .
Emperor Tenchi 's reign lasted from the beginning to the beginning of the 20th century .
There are several theories about this .
Emperor Tenmu himself was in power .
There is a theory that says that he was a son of Emperor Tenchi , and that he was a son of Emperor Tenchi , and that he was also a son of Emperor Tenchi , and that he was also a son of Emperor Shotoku , and he was also a son of Emperor Shotoku .
There is a theory that says that he was Emperor Tenchi 's first son , but he died at the age of 56 according to " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
However , it is said that the number of the people who died in the battle was about 70 , but the details are unknown .
There is a theory that says that he was ' a son of Emperor Tenchi , ' but after his death , he did not have any chance to do so because of his illness , so he was called ' the first prince of Emperor Tenchi , ' and he died at the age of 62 .
According to the " Kojiki " ( Records of Ancient Matters ) , it was established in the same year , and was later revised to the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
" Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) describes that the Emperor was not enthroned , but was later changed to the Emperor Tenchi , and that the Emperor was still alive .
This is the last version of the Chinese version of the Chinese version .
The reason why " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) and " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) were written is not only because of the lack of historical materials but also because of the lack of historical materials .
( " Nihonshoki " [ Chronicles of Japan ] )
Emperor Tenchi , who was a son of Prince Naka no Oe , was afraid of this incident .
There is a theory that states that he was a member of the Imperial family or a group of people who were not involved in the incident .
Prince Otsu was also suspected of rebellion .
It is said that the Emperor Tenmu ordered the compilation of the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , but this is not true .
There is a theory that says that the Emperor Tenchi did not have any children , and that the Soga clan was involved in the dispute over the succession to the Imperial Throne .
There is a theory that the Emperor Tenmu was a son of Emperor Tenmu .
There is a theory that says that he was a son of Emperor Tenchi , and that he was also a son of Emperor Tenchi , and that he was also a prince of Emperor Tenchi .
Although he was not able to make a living by himself , he made an effort to make his daughter marry into another family and made her marry Emperor Tenchi , and in the same year , he was killed by his uncle , Prince Otsu , and his mother , Prince Otsu , and his mother , Princess Ahe , was also killed in a rebellion ( the assassination of Prince Otsu ) .
She was the first lawful wife of Emperor Tenchi , but it is not clear whether she was actually a lawful wife or not .
There is a theory that says that the Emperor Tenmu gave him the title of ' Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi ' ( the sword of the Chrysanthemum ) and the Emperor Tenmu the Empress Jito was also a real person .
There is also a theory that says that he was not a child of Emperor Tenmu but a child of Emperor Tenmu , and that he changed his name to ' Hashihito no Himemiko . '
It is not only a book but also a book on the development of the economy and economy , and it is also difficult to understand the contents of the book .
Poems
Manyoshu ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves )
The first half of the book was written by Emperor Murakami , and the second half was written by MINAMOTO no Shitago .
The wind blows through the clouds , and the wind blows through the clouds .
The following poem is included in " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) .
The two gods of the sun and the moon are said to have been on bad terms with each other , but they were caught by the storm and fell into a corner and fell into a corner and fell into a corner at dawn .
The Sanjo family was a court noble of the Kanin line .
He was a member of the branch family of the Seiga family ( one of the highest court noble families in Japan at that time ) , which was descended from the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan .
The Sanjo Family : a side line of Shijo
He was from the branch family of the Saionji clan in Iyo Province , and he was also known by the name of Fujiwara .
Its kamon ( family crest ) is a circle .
He was the second son of FUJIWARA no Ienari of the Kanin line of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan .
His father , MINAMOTO no Yoriie , was appointed as the successor of the family , and he went up to Kyoto with his father , MINAMOTO no Sanetomo , but he was dismissed from the post in the wake of the Jokyu War and became a priest of the Tendai sect and was exiled to Sado Province .
It is said that he was born in Yamashina , Yamashiro Province ( present day Yamashina Ward , Kyoto City ) and named himself as kaisan ( founding priest ) .
The name of the temple came from the fact that the temple was located in the vicinity of Shokoku-ji Temple , where the temple once stood , and the name of the temple was changed to the current location .
After the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was established , the family line of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan , who were the maternal relatives of Emperor Gotoba , was promoted to the rank of Kugyo ( the top court officials ) .
He was a son of Emperor Godaigo , and he also became a priest and retired Emperor Gofukakusa 's younger brother .
However , after Emperor Godaigo died , the family line of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan , which was a branch line of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan , was broken and he was ordered to go to the Imperial Palace .
After the death of his father , he was appointed to Rokuhara Tandai Kitakata ( an administrative and judicial agency in Rokuhara , Kyoto ) .
In the same year , he was exiled to Sado Province ( the current Yamaguchi Prefecture ) by the order of his father , Emperor Godaigo , and was ordered by his uncle , FUJIWARA no Yorinaga to kill himself , but he was rejected by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and was exiled to Oki Province ( the current Yamaguchi Prefecture ) .
The family line of the second son of Takauji ASHIKAGA , who was the head of the Sanjo family , was restored in the end of the Edo period .
The family business was calligraphy during the Edo period , and the family business was the origin of the family business .
He was born as the second son of Tadataka HOSOKAWA , who was the lord of the domain , but he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) at the age of 17 by the order of the Imperial Court , and he was given the name of Hashiba from the lord of the domain , Tadaoki HOSOKAWA , who was the lord of the domain , Tadaoki HOSOKAWA , and also the lord of the domain , Tadataka HOSOKAWA 's mother , and he was given the posthumous Buddhist name of Hashiba from the Imperial Palace .
He was a member of the House of Peers , and after the death of his father , he was appointed as a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) and a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) , and he was promoted to Chunagon ( vice-councilor of state ) in the Meiji period , which was the origin of the Sanjo family .
The reason why he was given the title of Baron was that he was given the honor of being a member of the Imperial Family in Kyoto , and that he was given the title of Baron by Emperor Meiji , and that he had the honor of having the honor of having the honor of having the honor of having the honor of having the honor of having the honor of having the honor of having the honor of being a member of the Imperial family , and that he had the honor of having the honor of having the honor of having the honor of having the honor of having the honor of having the honor of having the honor of being a member of the Imperial family , as well as the fact that he had the honor of being a member of the Imperial family .
Mt . Hiei is located in the border between Kyoto City and Fukui City , Shiga Prefecture .
It is located at the east foot of Mt . Funaoka in Kita Ward , Kyoto City , and at the east foot of Mt . Nagara in Ukyo Ward , Kyoto City .
It is located in Otsu City .
Kumano Sanzan ( three major shrines , Kumano-Hongu-Taisha , Kumano-Hayatama-Taisha and Kumano-Nachi-Taisha ) were built in order to protect the influence of Buddhism .
Higashiyama Ward , Kyoto City
It is also called Mt . Koya , Mt . Koya , and Mt . Koya .
Summary
It is located in the east of Mt . Hiei , and it is said that the temple was located in the east of Kyoto .
The name of the shrine is derived from the fact that it is located at the foot of Mt . Miwa in Omi Province , and the name of the shrine is written in kanji ( Chinese characters ) as " Goddess of Mercy " ( pronounced " ho " ) .
Kumano Sanzan Kengyo ( the highest title of Kumano Sanzan , or three major shrines , Kumano-Hongu-Taisha , Kumano-Hongu-Taisha , Kumano-Hayatama-Taisha and Kumano-Nachi-Taisha ) was established by the efforts of his father , and the temple was founded by the order of the Emperor , who was also a Shinto priest of the Tendai Sect .
The temple is located in the east of Mt . Hiei , and the temple is also known as a place for praying for the safety of the nation and the prosperity of the nation .
It is located at the foot of Mt . Hiei , and at the foot of Mt . Hiei , it is located at the east end of the town , and at the foot of Mt . Hiei , it is also located at the east end of the town , and at the east end of the town , it is also located at the east end of the town , and at the east end of the town , it is also located at the east end of the town .
In addition to the above , there were many people who went to the Imperial Palace and temples in the east , and the people who went to the Imperial Palace in the west , and the people who went to the Imperial Palace in the west .
It is located on the east side of the Kyoto Prefectural Route 38 , and is also known as Lake Biwa Canal .
There are also many people who visit the mountain on New Year 's Eve and the mountain path , and they can enjoy the use of their own cars .
The temple was built on the site of the former residence of MINAMOTO no Yoritomo , and the tower was built on the second floor of the bridge , and the museum was built on the second floor of the bridge in 1996 .
On January 27 , 2000 , the site of the former residence of the Minister of Health , Sports , was burned down by a typhoon .
Mt . Koya
It is also called Mt . Hiei ( Mt . Hiei ) and Mt . Hiei ( Mt . Hiei ) , and it is said that the total number of the temples is 20,000 .
It is also known as ' Mt . Hiei , ' but it is also known as ' Mt . Hiei . '
It is located in Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture , and the same Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture .
Mt . Hiei is located in the east of the temple , but it is said that it was not Mt . Hiei but Mt . Hiei , which was a sacred mountain located in the west of the capital .
Cable Railway Co . , Ltd . , operates a station on the Kurama Line of the Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd .
For example , the name of ' Kusanagi no Tsurugi ' ( sword ) is found in many places such as Mt . Oe , Mt . Oe , Mt . Oe , Mt . Oe , Mt . Oe , Mt . Oe , Mt . Oe , Mt . Oe , and Mt . Oe , however , the name of ' Kusanagi ' is not found in any other places .
It is also known as ' EN no Gyoja ' ( the holy man noted for his practice of mountain asceticism during the second half of the seventh century ) , ' EN no Gyoja ' ( the holy man noted for his practice of mountain asceticism during the second half of the seventh century ) , ' EN no Gyoja ' ( the holy man noted for his practice of mountain asceticism during the second half of the second half of the seventh century ) , and ' EN no Gyoja ' ( the holy man noted for his practice of mountain asceticism during the second half of the second half of the seventh century ) , the founder of the Jodo ( Pure Land ) sect of Buddhism , and the founder of the Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) .
Features
Mt . Hiei
It is a long , narrow and narrow road connecting the two areas .
It is also known as Mt . Hiei and Mt . Hiei .
Access
Hieizan Cable Cable Railway ( Sakamoto Cable Cable Cable Railway )
Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . ( Kurama Cable Railway )
Eizan Electric Railway Co . , Ltd .
Mt . Hiei Bus
Kyoto Prefectural Road 22 , Kyoto Prefectural Road 22 , Kyoto Prefectural Road 28
By bus : Get off at the bus stop , Mt . Hiei and walk .
Keihan Bus Co . , Ltd . , bound for Yamashina Station
Kyoto Bus Co . , Ltd . ( Arashiyama Route ) : bound for Arashiyama
TV Asahi TV stations
Kyoto City , Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture
The reason why the Nara Kotsu Bus Co . , Ltd . , used to make a stop is that it is not possible to make a stop .
Goro Sky Tower
This was broadcast on March 28 , 2001 .
Tower : A set of vending machines and video machines
Notes
NHK Kyoto Broadcasting System Company Limited , Limited , and TV Asahi Broadcasting Corporation , Limited , have a plan to build a new station on the site of the main building , and the main building of the villa is built on the site of the main building , and the main building is built on the site of the main building of the main building , and the main building is built on the site of the main building of the main building , the main building of the villa , the main building of the hall , and the main building of the hall .
The station is located in Osaka Prefecture , and it is also the only station that can be said to be a tourist spot .
Route 11
During the Edo period , it was a route connecting Osaka and Kyoto via Nakasen-do Road and Nakasen-do Road .
This section describes the details of the events .
Hiroshige UTAGAWA 's " Hiroshige UTAGAWA " ( Hiroshige UTAGAWA 's Hiroshige UTAGAWA ) is exhibited at the museum .
It is a vending machine made of glass .
( The following is the list of the members of the association )
The Tokaido Shinkansen is a highway that connects the two cities in the east and west .
In addition , there are many places where people enjoy viewing cherry blossoms and cherry blossoms in the area , and they have been designated as a national important cultural property .
In Kyoto , there are two ways to call the ' three ways ' : one is to visit Kyoto and the other is to visit Kyoto .
The official name of each province is shown below .
The number of towns that are located in the city is two .
The former is called the Old Civil Codes .
Nihonbashi ( Chuo Ward , Tokyo )
1 . The site of the residence of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA in Shinagawa Ward , Tokyo
The location of the Hakodate City Hall ( Shinagawa Ward , Yokohama City )
The location : Shimonoseki City , Kanagawa Prefecture ( Tanabata Matsuri )
The location of the monument : Sakura City , Kanagawa Prefecture ( 15 minutes )
7 . Cherry blossoms ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Date City , Tochigi Prefecture : Annual spring festival ( held in Sakura City )
Mt . Koya ( Minami Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
27 . Dazaifu Tenmangu Shrine ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Odawara City ( Odawara Tanabata Matsuri )
Route 27 : Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture ( Present Fujisawa City )
35 . Shitenno-ji Temple ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Numazu City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( 15 years old )
Route 11 : Bound for Shizuoka ( present-day Shizuoka City )
Early April : Festival ( held in Sakura City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
Sado City , Sado City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( former Sado Town )
The site of the castle : Fuchu City , Musashi Province ( Present Fuchu City )
Early April : ( Saturday ) Sakura City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( Present Naka Ward )
Hamamatsu City ( Hamamatsu City , Aichi Prefecture ) *
Hamamatsu City ( Hamamatsu City ) : Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City
11 . Summer : Summer ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
11 . Early Edo Period : Takayama City , Sado Province ( Present Sado City )
Route 35 : Naka Ward , Yokohama City , Shizuoka Prefecture
35 . Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( 26 stations )
Early April : Spring Spring ( Minami Ward , Yokohama City , Hyogo Prefecture )
Route 35 : Bound for Mt . Koya ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
Early April : Annual spring ( Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
Late July : Autumn Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
Late April : Autumn Matsuri Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
The location : Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( at the end of Edo period )
Ogaki City , Gifu Prefecture , castle town , age : 74 ( 42 )
Sado City , Sado County , Sado Province ( Present Sado City )
Route 27 : Bound for Kanazawa City ( Toyama Prefecture )
Late April : Matsuri Festival ( Nagaoka City , Fukui Prefecture )
Higashi Koya-kaido Road ( Minami Ward , Nagoya City )
Mt . Atago ( Maizuru City , Kyoto Prefecture )
Route 27 : Bound for Mt . Inari ( Minami Ward , Nagoya City )
The third act : Mt . Atago ( Kita Ward , Osaka City )
24 . Iga City , Aichi Prefecture ( about 25 km )
Picture : Mt . Atago ( Gifu City ) *
Late April : Aza Ono , Naka Ward , Nagoya City , Aichi Prefecture
35 . Hamamatsu City ( Yawata City )
Higashi Maizuru , Naka Ward , Yokohama City , Tokyo
Route 35 : Kameyama City ( Mie Prefecture )
Itsukushima-jinja Shrine ( Akashi City , Hyogo Prefecture )
Seki City ( Mie Prefecture ) : Spring Matsuri Matsuri ( Spring Matsuri )
35 , Shitenno-ji , Minami Ward , Osaka City ( Mt . Nagara )
Location : Aza Yamada , Hino Town , Naka County , Mie Prefecture ( present Ono Town , Gifu Prefecture )
Address : Aza Higashi , Minami Ward , Sakai City ( Minami Ward , Osaka City )
Sakamoto ( Koka City , Shiga Prefecture )
Site of the castle town of Kochi Castle ( Ukyo Ward , Kyoto City )
The site of the former residence of the Satsuma Domain ( located in Nishi Ward , Kobe City , Hyogo Prefecture )
25 , Maibara City , Shiga Prefecture , post town
Otsu City ( Otsu City ) : 11 km
Nijo Ohashi Bridge ( Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture )
It is said that he was given the Buddhist name of ' Seishi Bosatsu ' by Emperor Gomizunoo , and that he was given the Buddhist name of ' Seishi Bosatsu ' by his father , and that he had the Buddhist name of ' Seishi Bosatsu ' in his late years .
In the same year , he was in charge of the construction of Fushimi-jo Castle ( Kyoto Prefecture ) .
It is also called the Old Tokaido Road or the Old Nakasen-do Road .
The street was once again called the Tokaido Main Line , but the street was extended to the east of the bridge to the east of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) and to the west of the bridge to the east of the bridge .
The province was divided into two types .
It was the first province in Japan .
The names of the places where they used to live are listed in the old Japanese syllabary characters .
Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City ( Tokaido Main Line )
32 Oyamazaki , Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture
35 Oyamazaki , Minami Ward , Osaka City , Osaka Prefecture
Route 35 : Bound for Osaka City ( via Fushimi Ward , Osaka City )
Higashi Koya-kaido Road ( Osaka City , Osaka Prefecture )
It is located at the border between Settsu Province and Izumi Province ( at the end of the same year ) , at the border between Izumi Province and Izumi Province ( at present , at the border between Izumi City and Izumi City ) .
The author was a female writer of " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , who lived in the Heian period .
According to the " Shin Heike Monogatari " ( The Tale of the Heike ) , it was written in the form of a Chinese character ' koto ' ( a long Japanese zither with thirteen strings ) , and it was written in the form of a Chinese character ' koto ' ( a long Japanese zither with thirteen strings ) , which was written in the form of a Chinese character ' koto ' ( a long Japanese zither with thirteen strings ) , and it was written in the form of a Chinese character ' Koto ' ( a long Japanese zither with thirteen strings ) .
Also known as " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) .
It was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) style , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) style , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) style , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) style , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) style , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
It is a collection of essays written by KAMO no Chomei , and it is a collection of anecdotes compiled in the medieval period .
" The Book of the Sung Dynasty " is a collection of books written in the same period , but it is said that it was written in the same way as those of the Han and Han eras , and it was written in the same way as the same way as the previous style .
According to the " Kojidan " ( Talks of the Past ) , when he was serving for Emperor Ichijo , he was asked by his father , FUJIWARA no Kinto , to make a copy of the " Sarashina Nikki " ( The Sarashina Diary ) , but he refused the request , saying that he would not be able to do so because he had a good relationship with the Emperor , and he was not allowed to enter the Imperial Palace , so he was appointed to the position of Kurodo no to ( Head Chamberlain ) , and he was appointed to the position of Shikibu no taifu ( Senior Assistant Minister of Ceremonial ) .
It is said that the two books were lost in the fire , and the two books of " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) and " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) were added to the two books of " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) and " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , and the two books of " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) were added to the two books of " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) .
It is said that the word ' Kosode ' was used in the chapter .
The book is a collection of essays and essays by researchers and researchers and researchers , and the book is also known as " The Tale of Genji , " " The Tale of Genji , " " The Tale of Genji , " and so on .
The following is a list of the main characters .
The word ' Myo ' in the preface of the poem :
The main part is written in the style of books , such as books and books , and the main part is written in the style of books .
The first part of the sutra .
The book is said to have been written by him .
Various theories
However , this is not true .
In addition , the word ' Kosode ' appeared in " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) as an expression of respect for Murasaki Shikibu .
It was written in the same year , when he was 17 years old , when he was appointed to Chunagon ( vice-councilor of state ) .
It is said that he passed away at the age of 80 in the year when the book was completed .
For example , " The Tale of Genji , " which was written in the Muromachi period , is a manuscript of " The Tale of Genji , " and it is a manuscript of " The Tale of Genji . "
It has a little more than a few colors .
It consists of two volumes .
It was written by FUJIWARA no Teika in 1200 .
It is said that the number of the letters ' o ' ( to make a sound ) is more than the number of the letters ' o ' ( to make a sound ) .
The text was written by Kikan IKEDA .
The first volume : ' The first half of the book ' and ' the second half of the book ' were lost .
The story is as follows :
The Imperial Household Archives and Archives , Important Cultural Property
The second volume
Old genealogy of the Sanjonishi family in the possession of the Museum of Japanese History , and old manuscript copy of the manuscript of the Sanjonishi family in the possession of the Yomei Library
He was the husband of FUJIWARA no Hoshi , who was the daughter of FUJIWARA no Michitsuna , and was also known as the author of " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) .
It was made in the late Kamakura period .
It is said that the number of volumes in total was 60 , and that the contents of the text were different from those of the original .
It consists of twenty volumes , but the contents are unknown .
Story line
It is a form of Shinto ritual .
It was made in the Muromachi period .
It is said that he had a dream in which he wrote a letter to the chief priest of Daitoku-ji Temple and wrote a letter to his father , Nagayoshi , in which he wrote a letter to his father .
It is one volume .
The contents of the story are as follows :
The Diary of Tosa Nikki ( Tosa Diary )
It is said that the Emperor Chokei was the only one that was recorded in the history book .
It is held by the Imperial Household Agency .
It consists of one volume .
Two types of dried bonito are available .
It is sometimes called a " V . "
It consists of six volumes .
It consists of two volumes .
It consists of three volumes .
It consists of three volumes .
Volume 6
It is a form of Shinto ritual .
The Maeda family in Kaga Province , the Maeda family in Kaga Province , and the Maeda family in Kaga Province are as follows .
In addition , the " Murasaki Shikibu Nikki " ( The Diary of Murasaki Shikibu ) describes that the black lacquered wooden box was placed on the back of the box .
Important cultural property .
It is said that it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in the early Kamakura period .
" Gunsho ruiju " ( Collection of historical documents compiled by Hokiichi HANAWA ) , " Gunsho ruiju " ( Collection of historical documents compiled by Hokiichi HANAWA ) , and " Gunsho ruiju " ( Collection of historical documents compiled by Hokiichi HANAWA ) were included .
In the early Edo period , there was a custom of using the kana syllabary for the first time , and the " Kana Zoshi " was written using the kana syllabary for the first time , and the " Kana Zoshi " was written using the kana syllabary for the first time .
However , the following year , he was promoted to the chief editor of the first edition of the " Nihon Shoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , which was published by Iwanami Shoten , and he was promoted to the chief editor of the first edition of the " Nihon Shoki " ( The Chronicles of Japan ) , which was published in 1938 .
In the early days of the book , there was a description of ' The Tale of Genji Emaki , ' which was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , which was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
It consists of two volumes , and the book consists of a total of 36 chapters .
It is a collection of poems composed by people including ' The Tale of Genji , ' ' The Tale of Genji , ' ' The Tale of Ise , ' ' The Tale of Ise , ' and so on , but it is said that the poems were written by people such as those who were not allowed to enter the temple , and the poems were written by people who were not allowed to enter the temple .
It is written in the same order as ' The Tale of Genji , ' but it is not written in the same order .
He was also a good example of a person who was not able to enter the priesthood , but he made a great contribution to the revival of the system of the late Heian period , and he also had a good reputation for his poems , such as his poems ( poems ) , poems ( poems ) , poems ( poems ) , poems ( poems ) , and poems ( poems ) .
He also wrote ' The Tale of Genji , ' which was a collection of poems based on the idea of the separation of Buddhism and Shintoism , and he also wrote ' The Tale of Genji , ' which was a collection of poems based on the nature of a human nature .
Public evaluation
It is a simple and elegant style of poetry , and it is a story of a person who has a deep feeling of dignity and a deep feeling of dignity .
It is said that , when the wind blows , the sound of the wind blows , the sound of the wind blows , and the sound of the wind blows , but the sound of the wind is different from that of the string .
In addition to the above , there is a description in the magazine ' Hana no en ' ( flower flower viewing ) , which was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and in the early part of the book , it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) as ' flower flower viewing ' and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) as ' flower viewing ' and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) as ' flower viewing , flower viewing , flower , flower and flower viewing , ' which was a symbol of the social conditions of the time , and was a symbol of the social conditions of the time .
Teishi gave birth to a prince .
It is said that he had no choice but to enter into priesthood and died at the age of 38 .
It is not known when he became a priest , but it is also said that he was not included in " Okagami " ( the Great Mirror ) .
The Emperor , who was a son of the Empress Teimei , was so disappointed that he found out the importance of the book and decided to make the book his own .
Public evaluation
It is said that he had a sexual relationship with her , and she was asked to write a poem on the surface of the water .
However , the term " hyakusho " is not used in some cases .
Chugu ( Empress ) , ' which was the title given to a person who died in the battle , was ' Naishi no suke ' ( a court lady of the first rank ) .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the 13th Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , died in March 1867 .
In the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , there was a case where a person who was not allowed to enter the Imperial Palace .
He was awarded the rank of Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) and the title of Sadaijin ( Minister of the Left ) .
He was a member of the Imperial family .
After the death of Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , he was appointed as a member of the shogun 's council of elders .
The following year , he was ordered to return to the Imperial Palace by the Emperor Komei , but he was defeated by the army of the former Shogunate , and he was forced to return to the Imperial Palace by the Tokugawa shogunate , and he was ordered to go back to the Imperial Palace ( the Battle of Toba-Fushimi ) .
After the Meiji Restoration , he had a hard time in which he had a connection with the Imperial Family and was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) .
He was also known as ' Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ' or ' Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA . '
In addition , there is a description in the " Kansei Choshu Shokafu " ( genealogies of vassals in Edo bakufu ) that ' the title of honor was given to those who were not allowed to enter the Imperial Palace . '
He also wrote a book titled " The Last Girl " .
In addition , there is a description that says ' I am born in Nagoya City and raised in Nagoya City , and I am born in Kyoto City . '
In addition , he was given a special treatment by his father , who was a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east , ' and he was also given a special treatment by his older brother , Shintaro NAKAOKA .
He was given the nickname of ' Yoshinobu ' by his father , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
In addition , there is a description that says ' I am still alive , ' and in the past , there were many people in the Kansai region , such as Takashi MASUDA and others , and the people in the Kansai region , such as Jiro YAMAGUCHI and others , did not call the ' old people ' in the form of ' old people ' ( it is said that the word ' new people ' was used ) .
It is said that the reason why he was given a special treatment is that he was not only a ' great man ' but also a ' great man ' who was also a scholar of Japanese classical literature and a scholar of Japanese classical literature , and that he was not able to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) , and that he was also involved in the plan to kill himself with a sword .
He was born as the fourth son of the lord of the domain , Iesada TOKUGAWA , on November 27 , 1858 .
His lawful wife was a daughter of Emperor Gomizunoo , and he was the second consort of the Emperor .
There is a theory that he was adopted by his mother , who was a concubine of Iemitsu TOKUGAWA .
His childhood name was Goro .
When he was nine years old , he was asked by his father to serve as a close aide of the Emperor , and he was appointed as the chief retainer of the Mito Domain , but he declined the offer because of his illness .
It is said that he had no children , but he was adopted by the lord of the domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , and became the heir of the lord of the domain , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
On January 27 , 1864 , he was adopted by the Tokugawa Shogunate family and became the lord of the domain .
On the same day , he was given the family name of Matsudaira by the Emperor and became the lord of the domain .
He was promoted to Dainagon ( chief councilor of state ) , but he was forced to leave the domain because of the conflict with his father-in-law , Naosuke II .
In the same year , he became the successor of the family , however , he died suddenly at the age of 62 and was called ' the father of the Shogun , MINAMOTO no Yoritomo , ' and the successor of the shogun , Ieyoshi TOKUGAWA .
In the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his elder brother , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , and the lord of the domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , and the lord of the domain , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Mito Domain , as well as the lord of the domain , Yoshinaga MATSUDAIRA .
In the same year , he was appointed as the successor of the family , but he was forced to resign from the post because of the conflict with his older brother , Naosuke II ( the lord of the domain ) , who was the lord of the domain , and he became the lord of the domain , and in 1858 , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , who was the heir of the shogun , and he was appointed as the successor of the family .
In the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) ( according to the ' Treaty of Amity and Commerce ' ) .
In the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the order of Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , and then he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the lord of the domain of Bizen , Yoshinaga MATSUDAIRA .
However , he was not allowed to return to the service of the lord of the domain , and he was said to have had no choice but to do with the idea of ' Yoshinobu ' ( Article 9 of the same year ) .
In 1861 , he was pardoned .
In the same year , he went to Kyoto with his older brother , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , and was appointed to the post of Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and in the same year , he was ordered to go to Kyoto with his younger brother , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , to go to Kyoto ( ' Second conquest of Choshu ' ) .
On March 18 , he was appointed as a member of the House of Peers by the recommendation of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
In the same year , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered the restoration of the Imperial Palace and the establishment of a new government , and the lord of the domain , Katamori MATSUDAIRA , was also appointed as roju .
In the same year , he went up to Kyoto with his older brother , Emperor Komei , to study abroad .
The Emperor , who was going to visit the Imperial Palace , ordered him to leave the Imperial Palace and return to the Imperial Palace , however , he did not get involved in the incident and the Emperor Meiji ordered him to leave the Imperial Palace , which led him to call him ' the king of Japan ' ( according to the " History of Japan " ) .
On January 18 , 1863 , he was appointed as a member of the House of Peers by Emperor Komei , and he was involved in a campaign to overthrow the Shogunate , but he was forced to leave the government and join the movement to overthrow the Shogunate .
However , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by the order of the retired Emperor , and he also had a close relationship with the lord of the domain , Takayoshi KIDO , and also he had a close relationship with the lord of the domain , Takayoshi KIDO , with whom he had a close relationship with ; therefore , he was not able to go back to his original plan , and also he was ordered to go to the castle with the lord of the domain , Takayoshi KIDO and others .
He was appointed as Kyoto shugoshoku ( Military governor of Kyoto ) and Kyoto shoshidai ( The Kyoto deputy ) , but later he surrendered to the new government and became the lord of the domain , then he was appointed as the lord of the domain , together with his younger brother , Katamori MATSUDAIRA , and then he was appointed as the lord of the domain ( the lord of the domain ) .
In the meantime , he was ordered to kill himself by the Tokugawa shogunate army , and he was killed by a retainer of the Aizu clan , Shintaro NAKAOKA , and others .
In the following year , 1864 , he fought against the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , which was led by Kinmochi SAIONJI .
The following year , the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered the restoration of the imperial rule , and the following year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) .
In the following year , 1864 , he was ordered to go to the front by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to attack Choshu Domain .
However , the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was defeated by the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) led by Kinmochi SAIONJI and returned to the domain .
After the Battle of Sekigahara , he was exiled to Sado Province on March 24 , 1600 .
The following year , the Emperor ordered the restoration of the imperial rule , and he was forced to leave the Imperial Palace .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the heir of Yoshinobu , was appointed as the successor to the post .
On the same day , the Tokugawa family was restored to the position of Shogun .
After the return of lands and people to the Emperor , he was appointed to Udaijin ( Minister of the Right ) on March 24 , 1867 .
This was because he had a good reputation for the bakufu .
In the same year , he was appointed as a member of the committee of the Naval Academy of America , and he was appointed as a staff officer of the navy of the navy of France , France , France , France , France , France , and France .
He went to France to study under his father , and then he was appointed to the chief retainer of the Kishu Domain .
It was decided that the Emperor would go to the capital and the plan would be made .
On January 24 , 1864 , he was ordered by Emperor Komei to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) , but he refused the offer because of his political pressure from the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
It is said that the Tokugawa Shogunate was afraid that the Imperial Court would take over the government and that the government would be able to keep the real power of the government .
However , in March of the same year , he was ordered by Emperor Komei to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his older brother , Sanetomi SANJO , and to be promoted to the post of Sangi ( councilor ) .
He was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by the Emperor , but he refused the offer because of the pressure from the bakufu , and then he was ordered to go to the east by the Emperor to go to the east with his younger brother , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
In 1868 , he went to the front of the Imperial Palace and fought in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , and then he was appointed as the governor of Yamato Province .
On the other hand , he was ordered to take part in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , but he was defeated in the battle of Mt . Koya and was forced to leave the castle and go back to Kyoto on the same day ( " Azuma Kagami " ) .
The Imperial Prince Taruhito , who later became Emperor Meiji , was ordered to take part in the campaign to attack the enemy , and he was ordered to go to the front with his two sons and sisters .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , who was the successor of the family , was ordered to kill himself .
In March of the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the order of Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA .
He succeeded to the family name of Matsudaira and became the family head of the Hitotsubashi family .
In the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his father , but he was defeated by the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) led by Tomomi IWAKURA and others , and returned to his hometown , and he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
In August , he was transferred to Edo and became the lord of Owari Domain .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ( the lord of the Mito Domain )
The Matsudaira ( Matsudaira ) family : A branch family of the Matsudaira family .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , who was the president of the Privy Council
The Toki clan
Mito Tokugawa family ( lineage of chief retainers of Mito Tokugawa family )
Kotaro MOCHIZUKI
Takeo NAKAJIMA
Hanzo MATSUDAIRA
In January 1869 , he died in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi .
After that , he was active in various fields such as the art of warfare , the art of warfare , the art of warfare , and so on .
He retired in Shizuoka Prefecture in 1901 .
In the following year , he went to the Imperial Palace of Emperor Meiji , and he was promoted to the rank of Jugoi ( Junior Fifth Rank ) .
In 1868 , he was raised to the peerage and became the head of the family .
In 1947 , he succeeded to the family headship and retired .
He died in 1934 .
He died at the age of 24 on the same day .
* Dates are based on the old lunar calendar .
In 1847
On December 9 , he was adopted by the Tokugawa family .
On January 12 , 1867 , he was given the name of " Iemochi . "
He was awarded the rank of Jusanmi ( Junior Third Rank ) , and appointed as Sakone gon no chujo ( Provisional Middle Captain of the Left Division of Inner Palace Guards ) .
On January 18 , 1849 , he married a daughter of Masahiro TAKATSUKASA .
He was Sangi ( councillor ) .
In 1858 , he succeeded to the position of Shogun as his father , Iesada .
In December of the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
He retired in October 1864 .
1862
On November 9 , he succeeded to the family headship of the Matsudaira family .
On March 18 , he was appointed as Sessho ( regent ) .
January 28 , Gon Chunagon ( provisional vice-councilor of state )
In December of the same year , he was appointed as Kokuji goyogakari ( a general official of the Imperial Household in charge of State affairs ) .
1864
On March 24 , he resigned as Kurodo no to .
On March 18 , he resigned from the position of Sessho .
On March 28 , he was appointed as the Deputy Commander of the 4th platoon of Owari Province and Deputy Commander of the 8th platoon of Owari Province .
He fought in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi .
1866
On February 24 , he was transferred to Kyoto shoshidai .
He succeeded to the name of Tokugawa .
January 28 : He was promoted to Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) and appointed as Gon Dainagon ( provisional chief councilor of state ) .
On the same day , he was appointed as seii taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) .
1867
In December of the same year , he was transferred to the position of Naidaijin ( minister of the center ) .
Retained his position as Ukone no daisho .
On December 24 , he was appointed as Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) .
On January 18 , he resigned from the position of Seii Taishogun .
On January 18 , 1864 , he was dismissed from the post .
On December 24 , 1869 , he was dismissed from his post .
January 7 , 1869 : Promoted to Junii ( Junior Second Rank ) .
On February 22 , 1897 , he was promoted to Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) .
On November 7 , 1897 , he was promoted to Juichii ( Junior First Rank ) .
He died in Tokyo Prefecture on November 12 , 1888 .
On January 24 , 1889 , he was appointed as the Emperor Meiji 's first president .
He was given the title of marquis on April 16 , 1901 .
The family head of the Tokugawa family was called ' Matsudaira , ' and the family head was called ' Matsudaira . '
In December , 967
1908
He was awarded the rank of Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) and became a member of the House of Peers on New Year 's Day .
He retired on December 28 , 1863 .
He died at the age of 75 on February 26 , 1903 .
He was posthumously awarded the Grand Cordon of the Order of the Rising Sun .
He was a master of Japanese archery , and he was also a master of art of warfare , and he was also a master of art of warfare , which was a unique technique of the time .
He was also a master of Japanese archery at first , but later he became a master of art of warfare .
He was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the order of his father , but he was persuaded by the people of the domain to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) , so he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) and was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the order of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
It is said that when he was asked by his friend , he answered , ' I am going to fight with each other , ' and when he was attacked and killed , he said , ' I am going to fight with each other . '
It is said that the reason why he died was that he was the only person who was allowed to go to the front in the Kanto region , and that he was the only person who was not able to go to the front in the Meiji Restoration .
It is said that he went to the Imperial Palace when he was six years old , but he did not get along with him .
When he was young , he was asked by his father , and when he was asked by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , he answered , ' I am going to study in the presence of my lord , ' and when he was asked by the lord of the domain , he answered , ' I am going to study in the presence of my lord , ' and when he was asked by the lord of the domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , he answered , ' I am going to study in the presence of the lord of the domain , and the lord of the domain , Tadayoshi MIZUNO , who was a close aide to him . '
He had a close relationship with the Satsuma clan , but he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the Satsuma clan and the Choshu clan .
I am going to have a chance to go to the capital . '
Ryoma SAKAMOTO , who was a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east , ' is said to have been the last person who was not involved in this incident .
It is not necessary to make a lot of money .
He was promoted to the post of Shogun , but he was forced to resign from the post because of his illness .
However , after the death of Ryoma SAKAMOTO , he was given the name of Shintaro NAKAOKA .
Ryoma SAKAMOTO , who lived in the Meiji period , was not included in this list , and it is said that he died in the same year .
In the meantime , he was attacked by the army of Tokugawa in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi and committed suicide with a sword .
It is said that he had a sexual relationship with his wife , who had just become a nun , and that he had a chance to go back to the capital after the death of her husband , Ieyasu .
However , since there was a rumor that the Tokugawa shogunate would not allow them to enter into the castle , the Tokugawa shogunate army , which had a strong influence on the situation surrounding the castle and the surrounding area , was defeated by the army of the former Tokugawa shogunate , and the two domains , namely Satsuma , Osumi and Hyuga , were also destroyed .
It is said that the reason why the Imperial Court gave up the idea was that the Tokugawa Shogunate Family was afraid that the Tokugawa Shogunate was afraid that the Tokugawa Shogunate was trying to avoid the conflict between the two families , and that the two families would not be able to keep the promise with each other , and that they would not be able to keep the promise with each other , and that they would be able to keep the promise with each other , and that they would not be able to keep the promise with each other , and that they would be able to keep the promise with each other .
It is said that , after the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) prohibited the use of the Chinese character from entering the castle , which was a symbol of the authority of the bakufu , and the existence of the character of the character from the name of the person in the name of the person in the name of the person in the name of the person in the person in the post was reduced .
He was a member of the House of Peers , and after the Meiji Restoration , he served as a retainer of the Matsudaira family .
In the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his older brother , Kaoru INOUE , and he wrote ' The Record of the Great Peace . '
In addition , there is a passage in " Kinsei Shinsho " ( literally , a collection of essays ) .
It is said that the contents of the letter were almost the same as those of other people who were not allowed to enter the Imperial Palace .
It is said that the reason why he became a priest was that he was not only because of his father 's intention , but also because of his loyalty to the Emperor , and also because of his loyalty to the Emperor , he was criticized as ' a wise ruler ' and ' a wise ruler . '
It is said that the second volume of " Dainihonshi " ( Great history of Japan ) , which was written by his older brother , Emperor Komei , was completed .
The Emperor Meiji , who was afraid of this , ordered his first son , Daisuke , to make an Imperial Consort 's bridal entry into the court as an Imperial envoy .
In addition , there was a case where the head priest of the Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) was buried in the graveyard of the Zojo-ji Temple in Ueno , Tokyo , which was the family temple of the Tokugawa family .
The Emperor was said to have been Emperor Komei 's Prince .
After the death of his lord , he went to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his elder brother , Tadayoshi , but he did not go to the capital ( Kyoto ) because he was a good person and said , ' You should not be able to do so ' ( " Honcho Bugei Shoden " [ Anthology of waka poems and prose written in the Edo period ] ) .
After the Battle of Sekigahara , he was treated as a ' evil ' by the people of the same clan , but he did not participate in the plot because of the conflict between the two sides of the ' Emperor ' and the ' Emperor ' and the ' Emperor ' ( however , it is also said that the theory that he was involved in the assassination of Yoshitsune ) , which led to the demise of the Toyotomi government .
He was a relative of the Matsudaira family , and he was a relative of the Ono family , a vassal of the Matsudaira family .
He had a lot of knowledge about Japanese and Chinese classics , and after he came back to Japan , he became a doctor with a small amount of knowledge about English , English , English , and German , and so on .
It is said that he had a lot of physical strength and was not familiar with the art of warfare .
He was not so popular as a professional writer in those days .
It is said that he was not only a disciple of Shiki MASAOKA but also a disciple of Shiki KIKUCHI , who was a member of the Asahi Shinbun newspaper company , and he later became a disciple of Shoyo TSUBOUCHI .
He was a younger brother of Mitsukuni TOKUGAWA .
He was born as the second son of Emperor Gomizunoo on January 18 , 1849 .
He died at the age of 85 on January 6 , 1849 , and his real father , Daisuke , was also a farmer .
After the death of her husband , she was given the title of honor for the first time in three generations , namely , the Imperial Princess and the Princess , but she died young .
He had two sons , Prince Sadanaru , who was the second son of Prince Fushiminomiya Kuniie , and Prince Sadanaru , who was the third son of Emperor Meiji , as well as a member of Kizokuin ( the House of Peers ) .
His wife was Princess Akiko , the daughter of Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Takahito .
He was born as the second son of Gon Dainagon ( provisional chief councilor of state ) Masamichi TAKATSUKASA on April 18 , 1864 .
His wife was a daughter of Tadayoshi TODA ( wife of Tadayoshi TODA , the lord of the Kuwana Domain ) .
The third son : SHO ( died on April 26 , 1895 )
His eldest son , Daisuke ITO ( January 26 , 1850 - January 26 , 2001 ) was born as the third son of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
December 27 , 1902 : The first daughter of Emperor Meiji , Princess Kazunomiya , married into the family .
April 12 , 1864 : The first son of Masahiro MAKINO , who had the title of Ukyo no suke ( Assistant Master of the Western Capital Offices ) and the first son of Masayoshi IKEDA .
The tenth son : SHO ( died on October 24 , 1945 )
Second daughter : Princess Masako ( December 26 , 1871 - August 26 , 2000 )
Imperial Prince Fushimi Sadanaru ( December 12 , 1864 - January 27 , 1931 ) was the ninth prince of Emperor Showa and his mother was Princess Noriko .
The tenth son : SHO ( born in October , 1868 , died in October , 1945 )
The 11th daughter : Masako TOKUGAWA ( December 26 , 1868 - April 16 , 2000 )
December 12 , 1865 : He was adopted by his father and the 12th lord of the domain , Hiroyuki MAKINO .
His oldest son was Kiyoshi KATAOKA ( the third son ) , and his second daughter was Yuki .
Third son : Makoto SAITO ( April 26 , 1855 - April 24 , 1938 )
The third son : KOSE no Yasutsune ( born on April 24 , 1895 - died on April 24 , 1945 )
The tenth son : SHO ( born in 1868 , died on May 16 , 1943 )
The third son : SHO ( born in April , 1840 , died on April 26 , 1902 )
Second son : Imperial Prince Fushimi Sadanaru ( December 12 , 1850 - April 27 , 1931 ) , Jugoi ( Junior Fifth Rank )
Second daughter : Masako ( born in August , 1930 - died on October 26 , 1993 )
Fourth son : Tadateru MATSUDAIRA ( December 27 , 1864  December 27 , 1993 )
The fourth daughter : Princess Yoshiko ( December 26 , 1864 - April 26 , 1974 ) was a member of the Imperial family .
Second son : Masahiro MAKINO ( December 26 , 1849 - December 27 , 1993 ) was a court noble and a member of the House of Peers .
August 1 , 1873 : He was demoted from nobility to subject .
The tenth son : SHO Tai ( died on May 24 , 1945 )
The ninth son : Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ( October 12 , 1905  December 24 , 1945 )
Article 7 : The family was demoted from nobility to subject in the Meiji period .
Daughter of Iesada ( wife of Iesada TOKUGAWA )
Novels
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , " The Last Shogun of the Tokugawa Shogunate , " Vol . 6
" The Last Shogun Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA "
Film films
Acted by Kazuo HASEGAWA " Year 2004 , " by Kazuo HASEGAWA .
TV dramas
" NHK Taiga Drama " ( starring Ryotaro SHIBA )
" The Last Man in the Year " ( played by Koki KIMURA ) , played by Shochiku Co . , Ltd . ( 1960 , portrayed by Koki KIMURA )
" Onmyoji " ( NHK Taiga Drama ) , played by Ryotaro SHIBA
" NHK Taiga Drama " ( starring Ken WATANABE )
Acted by Ryotaro SHIBA " Bakumatsu " ( New Year 's Theater ) Year 2006 , by TV Asahi .
" Onna " ( Woman ) ( directed by Koki KIMURA , 1972 )
" Samurai " ( Samurai drama series ) ( directed by Koji SUZUKI , portrayed by TV Asahi ) , played by TV Tokyo Broadcasting Corporation , 1967
" Shin ga Tsuji " ( The True Historical Drama ) , written by Ryotaro SHIBA , Year 2006 , portrayed by Ryotaro SHIBA
" The Last Man " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the Japan Broadcasting Corporation , 1966 )
" The Last Sword " ( NHK Taiga drama series ) : played by Kazuo HASEGAWA
" Samurai " ( Samurai drama series ) ( directed by Hiroyuki KATO , starring Ken ISHIHARA ICHIKAWA , starring Ken ISHIHARA )
" NHK Taiga Drama " ( NHK Taiga Drama ) , played by Ken NAGAI
" The Last Sword " ( TV drama ) directed by Koki KIMURA , played by Shochiku Co . , Ltd . ( 1993 )
" The Last Man in the Geisha House " ( written by Hiroyuki KATO , Shochiku Co . , Ltd . ) , written by Hiroyuki KATO , was performed at the end of March , 1930 .
" Samurai " ( TV drama series ) directed by Ken KIMURA , starring Ken KIMURA
" NHK Taiga Drama " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Goro NAKAMURA )
" The Story of Mr. Itagaki " ( 1 volume )
The New York Times ' ( The Yomiuri Shinbun )
NHK Taiga Drama , " Ryoma ga Tsuji " ( Ryoma SAKAMOTO ) , by Ryotaro SHIBA , 2004
...
Kyoto Station , located in Seika-cho , Soraku-gun , Kyoto Prefecture , is a stop on the Sanin Main Line , which is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
The entire line is operated by the local government .
The line is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) , but it is also operated by the local trains that arrive at and depart from Kamo Station and arrive at and depart from Platform 1 .
The following is a list of the stations where the trains run :
The word ' manga ' is used to refer to the image of a person who has a certain level of interest in it .
West Japan Railway Company ( railway business operator )
Railway distance ( operating distance ) : 95 km
Track gauge : 160 mm
Number of stations : 6 ( including the starting and final stations )
Kyoto Station - Sonobe Station - JR Tozai Line / JR Tozai Line
Electrified section : entire line ( direct current 600 V )
Electrified section : Automatic block system ( automatic block system ) , automatic block system ( track automatic block system )
Automatic ticket vending machine : Automatic block system
Operation section : Shin-Osaka General Operation Center
Design speed : 95 km / h
The station is under the jurisdiction of the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) , but is under the control of the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
The name of the station was given to the Kyoto side of the Nara Line , but it was not given to the Nara side of the line , because it was located in the northern part of Kyoto Prefecture .
The line was extended to the east of Kyoto , and then to the west of Osaka , and then to the south of Nara , the line was opened to traffic by extending the line .
Nara Station , located in the south of Nara Station , is a stop on the Nara Line , which is operated by JR West .
On January 24 , 1984 , the following was decided to be the " JR Kyoto Line " of the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) , and the line was also opened to traffic by the local public bodies .
Kintetsu Railways ' s ' Koto ' is a nickname for the Kintetsu Nara Line that connects Osaka and Nara .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series Kiha 65 was designated as ' Nara Train Depot . '
Nara Electric Railway Co . , Ltd . , operates the line between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station , and the line between Nagoya Station and Kyotanabe Station .
In addition , in the case of Nara Electric Railway ( currently JR West ) , the number of passengers increased to around ten in the period of the Northern and Southern Courts ( Japan ) , and in the case of the Kyoto Municipal Subway ( currently JR West ) , the number of passengers increased to four in the period of the JNR ( from two to four in the period of the Northern and Southern Courts ( Japan ) ) and the number of passengers decreased to four in the period of the JNR ( from two to three in the period of the Northern and Southern Courts ( Japan ) ) .
However , when the train schedule was revised , the special rapid train ' Kasuga ' and the local train ' Kasuga , ' which ran between Osaka and Kobe , were operated in parallel with the regular train schedule .
The area around the station and the station are also part of Kyoto Prefecture , and the area around the station is also part of Kyoto Prefecture , and the area around the station is also part of Nara Prefecture .
However , the section between the east and west of the station and between the east of the station and the west of the station is a national route , and the section between the east and west of the station and the west of the station is a national route .
The Kyoto Municipal Transportation Bureau manages only the station , except for the stations in the northern part of Nara Prefecture .
ICOCA , Suica , TOICA and PiTaPa ( Surutto KANSAI Association ) cards can be used on the JR West lines .
The ticket gate is located in the south of the station .
In addition to the above , the special rapid train ' Kasuga ' stopped at this station from the direction of Osaka and from the direction of Nara , and from the direction of Nara , the special rapid train ' Kasuga ' stopped at this station from the direction of Nara ( until 1999 , the special express train ' Kasuga ' stopped at this station ) .
Local trains are operated between Kyoto and Nara .
It is operated between Uji Station and Platform 4 , and it is operated with a limited express train .
The nickname of ' Biwako Express ' was given to the people who had a long time ago .
Nara Kotsu Bus Lines Co . , Ltd . , operates a route bus from Kyoto Station to Nara Station .
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 221 , Limited Express Series 207
The maximum speed of the regular railway line is 120 km / h and the maximum speed of the regular railway line is 120 km / h .
The number of passengers per hour from Kyoto Station to Nara Station is approximately 95 .
The trains stop at this station and arrive at and depart from Platform 1 at Kyoto Station , while the trains depart from and arrive at and depart from Platform 2 and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 .
15 minutes walk from the east exit of the station .
History
March 1 , 2001 : The operation started .
March 15 , 2001 : The station was upgraded to a stop at which rapid trains stopped .
It is operated during the morning rush hours .
It is operated between Uji Station and Tofukuji Station ( JR West ) .
All trains are operated with eight cars long , with the same composition as those of the JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 .
It is operated between Uji Station and Platform 4 , and it is operated with a limited express train .
Rapid trains stop at every station on the Nara Line .
According to the " Engishiki " ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) , it was decided that the trains would run between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station , and that the trains would run between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station , and that the trains would depart from and depart from and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 and depart from Platform 4 and depart from Platform 4 , and that the trains would depart from and depart from and depart from Platform 4 .
It is operated as a special rapid train bound for Nara on weekdays .
It is operated during the daytime .
On the other hand , the operation of the special rapid trains started from and from March 1 , 2006 , when the train schedule was revised .
It is said that the number of people who made a connection with the rapid trains that stopped at this station was increased to four by the end of March , and the number of people who made a connection with the rapid trains that stopped at this station was increased to four by the end of March ( in the case of the Osaka Loop Line ) .
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 207 is used for all the trains on the Uji Line except for the trains bound for Uji .
Rapid trains run between this station and JR Nanba Station .
In addition , in the case of ' New Year 's Day ' in which the train was operated , the train was operated with the help of the local train , but in the case of ' New Year 's Day ' in which the train was operated with the help of the local train , the train was changed from the rapid train to the local train , and the train was changed from the local train to the local train to the local train to the local train to the local train to the rapid train , and in the case of ' New Year 's Day ' in which the train was operated , the train was changed to the rapid train .
It is a station with a platform number sufficient to be used on the Uji Line .
It is operated between Kyoto Station and Tenri Station .
The number of passengers per hour is approximately 95 per hour between Kyoto Station and Kusatsu Station .
JR ( West ) Commuter Train Series 207 is used for all trains .
Rapid trains run on the inner tracks during the daytime .
On the other hand , the Nara Line ( Yamatoji Line ) and the Sakurai Line ( Yamatoji Line ) began to operate on the same platform on the same platform from March 1 , 1969 .
Only local trains stop at this station on the Nara Line .
In the section between Osaka Station and Takarazuka Station , the train was operated as a special express train , and in 1961 , it was operated as a special express train ( train ) between Osaka Station and Amanohashidate Station , and the train between Shin-Osaka Station and Amanohashidate Station .
In addition , the timetable was revised in March 2001 , and the operation of the special rapid trains on the Tokaido Main Line started with the opening of the Osaka Municipal Subway Chuo Line .
The Nara Line and the Sanin Main Line run on the same track , but it is operated only between Kyoto Station and Shingu Station .
The number of passengers per day was increased to two , and in the spring of 2008 , it was decided that the number of people who had been engaged in the operation of the Uji Line should be increased to four , while the number of people who had been engaged in the operation of the Uji Line should be increased to four .
The trains run on the outer line .
During the New Year holidays , there were two types of trains : one was a local train bound for Kyoto , and the other was a local train bound for Uji and the other was a local train bound for Uji .
The trains that arrive at and depart from this station came to be operated in the same year .
During the daytime , the trains run on the Sakurai Line and run on the Sakurai Line , and in the early morning of 1999 , they run on the Sakurai Line .
In addition , there are some railway companies that use the Shinkansen system .
Nara Kotsu Bus Lines Co . , Ltd . , operates two round-trip services a day from the east exit of the station to the east exit of the station on the Nara Line , and from the west exit of the station to the east exit of the station on the Nara Station on the Nara Line , and from the east side of the station to the east side of the station .
The Nara Line is operated by the Keihan Electric Railway .
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 207
For example , trains of Series 113 and Series 3000 are used on the Nara Line and JR Tozai Line .
Local trains run on the same track as those of the ' Local ' trains , and they run on the same track as those of the ' Local ' trains that run on the JR Nara Line .
The train cars of Series 113 are used for Platform 2 .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 113 , which is also used on the Nara Line , is used on the Osaka Loop Line , and all trains are operated on the same platform as those on the Yamatoji Line .
The cars were transferred from the Osaka Loop Line to the Hanwa Line .
The Kyoto Prefectural Road 22 , which runs from east to west , is the first line of the Kyoto Prefectural Route 22 .
In the same year , the section between Kyoto Station and Inari Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) was opened to traffic , and in the same year , the section between Inari Station and Inari Station ( the current location of the Tokaido Main Line ) was opened to traffic , and in the same year , the section between Inari Station and Nikenchaya Station opened to traffic .
The station was built as a base for the Kyoto Municipal Subway Tozai Line when the station was opened .
November 12 , 1897 : The station opened as a facility of the Tokaido Main Line between Kyoto Station and Fushimi Station .
Inari Station commenced operation .
November 12 , 1897 : The station was inaugurated when the section between Kyoto and Nara was opened by the Japanese Government .
Fushimi Station opened .
Keihan Kyoto Main Line
November 1 : The line between Iwakura Station and Mukomachi Station opened .
Station 's station opened .
November 1 , 1896 : The line between Shin-Kizu and Shin-Kizu ( opened to traffic ) opened .
JR Tozai Line : Rokujizo Station - Rokujizo Station - Uji Station
November 1 : The line between Kamo and Shin-Kizu ( between Kizu and Shin-Kizu ) was opened .
Kizu Station - Kizu Station
November 1 : The line between Kyoto and Matsue was extended to Nara and became a branch line again .
April 12 : The station opened .
November 1 , 1897 : The station was renamed as Inari Station of the Nara Electric Railway .
April 1 , 1918 : The station opened .
October 1 : The operation of the freight train was extended to two round-trip services ( one round trip ) and one round trip ( one round trip ) .
October 1 , 1898 : The station became a Nara Railway station as a result of amalgamation .
October 1 , 1907 : The Kansai Railway Company was nationalized .
November 1 , 1897 : The station was inaugurated as a facility of Kyoto City Trams .
November 1 , 1895 : The line between Kyoto and Kizu was opened as the line between Kamo and Nara .
November 1 , 1896 : The station opened when the section between Uji and Shin-Kizu was opened .
June 1 , 1897 : The station was opened when the section between Iwakura and Nikenchaya was opened .
March 26 : The station was abolished .
August 1 , 1918 : The station was abolished .
April 1 , 1896 : The station was opened when the section between Tenmabashi and Shin-Kizu was extended to traffic .
June 1 : The line between Kyoto Station and Shin-Kizu Station was opened ( the line between Nagoya and Shin-Kizu ) .
The line between Fukakusa and Mukomachi ( opened to traffic ) was abolished .
The line between Nagoya Station and Inari Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) was opened .
- The section between Otani Station and Nagao Station ( freight branch line ) opened .
March 1 , 1898 : The station was relocated to the south side of the station .
November 1 , 1902 : The station was opened with the opening of the line of the second division .
The line between Kamo Station and Shin-Kizu Station was abolished .
November 1 , 1898 : The line between Omiya Station and Shin-Kizu Station opened .
Fushimi Station was abolished .
April 1 , 1930 : The unit of operation distance was changed from miles to meters ( from miles to meters ) .
November 1 , 1957 : The station was upgraded to a station and moved to a place where the station was located .
November 15 , 1928 : The station opened .
December 12 , 1928 : Hanazono Station commenced operation .
November 1 , 2003 : The station opened .
April 1 , 1949 : The station opened .
April 1 , 1984 : The train was introduced .
June 1 , 1984 : The section between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station opened .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113
Nara Line ( Tokaido Main Line ) and Yamatoji Line ( Sanyo Main Line ) : all stations were renamed as ' Nara Station . '
April 1 , 1987 : The station became a JR West station due to the split privatization of Japan National Railways .
Japan Freight Railway Company ( JR West ) started operations .
March 1 , 2000 : The train operation started .
April 15 , 2002 : The station opened .
It is operated between Uji Station and Joyo Station .
July 1 , 2000 : The train schedule was revised .
( JR West ) Suburban Train Series 207 , Rapid Service
April 1 , 1997 : The station was inaugurated as a facility of the Tozai Line .
March 15 , 2000 : The station became a stop at which express trains stop .
April 1 , 2000 : The Uji Line started operating between Uji Station and Uji Station .
JR Ogura Station opened .
Regional Rapid Service ' Hashidate ( train ) , ' which runs directly into the JR Tozai Line .
March 15 : The rapid trains began making stops at every station between Takatsuki Station and Sanjo Station .
March 15 , 2001 : The station became a stop for rapid trains bound for Uji Station ( JR West ) and rapid trains bound for Uji Station .
JNR / JR Kiha 40 Series Diesel Cars was introduced .
October 1 , 2000 : The train schedule was changed from the outer line to the outer line .
July 12 , 1977 : The construction of the new building was completed .
October 1 , 2000 : The operation of the Kyoto Line was extended to six cars .
It is said that the entire line of the station was extended to the east of the station , and that the entire line was extended to the east of the station ( except for some sections ) and to the west of the station .
Keihan Electric Railway Co . , Ltd . , operates two different lines : one is to the south of the station , and the other is to the south of the station to the east of the station , to the south of the station , to the south of the station , to the east of the station , to the south of the station .
The section between Kyoto Station and Sonobe Station was electrified , and the entire section between Sonobe Station and Sonobe Station was opened to traffic .
Keihan Electric Railway Co . , Ltd . , operates a special express bus that starts from and ends at this station , but this is not the only reason why the special rapid bus service started operating between Kyoto and Kobe .
The station house was moved to the Osaka Municipal Subway Tozai Line .
For details , refer to the article of Nara Electric Railway and JR Tozai Line .
This section describes the operation distance from Kyoto Station .
Omiya Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) - Rokujizo Station - ( operation distance ) : 95 km / h
This section describes the operation distance from Kyoto Station .
Number of stations : 32 ( including the starting point and terminal station )
Keinawa Expressway , Kyoto Prefectural Road 51 Kokura Nishi Maizuru Line
The area around the station is designated as a national zone .
The section between the two stations is under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism .
From the south of the station , the route to the east of the station is via the Meishin Expressway and the Meishin Expressway , and from the south to the south is the Meishin Expressway .
The section between the east and west of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) and between the east and west of the station and between the east and west of the station and between the east and west of the station and between the east and west of the station and between the east and west ( for details , refer to the section on the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism ) .
The construction of the Kyoto Prefectural Route 22 and the National Route 24 section of the Kyoto Outer Loop Expressway were planned to be completed , and as a result , the section between the two lines was extended to the east and west , and the section between the two lines were extended to the south .
The section between the east and west of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) is designated as National Route 9 .
The section between the Oyamazaki Interchange and the Oyamazaki Interchange is under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism .
In addition , there are some routes that are scheduled to be operated by the company , such as the route bus and the route bus , but they don 't go through the route .
For example , the section between the Oyamazaki Interchange and the Oyamazaki Interchange is called the section for the sake of convenience .
Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture
Oyamazaki-cho , Otokuni-gun , Kyoto Prefecture
Height above sea level : 16 km
Road width : 2 lanes
Design speed : 95 km / h
June 31 , 2000 : The construction of the steam locomotive started .
Shiga Prefecture
Kyoto Prefecture
Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City : Oyamazaki-cho , Otokuni-gun
Meishin Expressway No. 8 Interchange - Meishin Expressway
Meishin Expressway - National Route 478 - Meishin Expressway
Oyamazaki Interchange - Oyamazaki Interchange - Oyamazaki Interchange - Oyamazaki Interchange
Keinawa Expressway runs under the street .
There is a plan to build a new facility .
Roads are operated by local municipalities unless otherwise specified .
West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) : Kusatsu Line
( The section between the east exit of the station and the west entrance of the station and between the east exit of the station and the west exit of the station )
October 12 , 2000 : The entire line between Kamo and Kizu was opened .
November 1 , 2000 : The entire line was opened .
After the completion of the railway construction , the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism started the operation .
November 1 , 1898 : The entire line between Oyamazaki Station and Oyamazaki Station opened .
October 1 , 2000 : The station opened .
Fiscal year 2005 : Fiscal year 2005 Average Traffic Volume ( Road Traffic Volume )
Oyamazaki Interchange - Oyamazaki Interchange
The section between the east and west of the station is under construction , and the section between the east and west of the station is under construction .
In the spring of 2008 , the company made a plan to make a connection with the company , which was called the ' Red Cross Hospital . '
The section between the east side of the station and the west side of the station is under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism , and the section between the two stations is under construction .
There are two types of facilities : one is to prevent the use of water and the other is to prevent the use of water and the other is to prevent the use of water from entering the city , and the other is to prevent the use of water from going through the city center of the city .
However , the section between Shichijo Station and Nikenchaya Station was abandoned and the construction of a new railway line was planned .
The route to the south of the station is a regular route , and the route to the south is a regular route .
In addition , there are some areas where people can get on and off from the bus route without going through the route , and some areas where people can get on and off from the bus route .
National Route 1 runs through the town .
Meishin Expressway and Meishin Expressway run through it , but it is not possible to get off at the Oyamazaki Interchange of Meishin Expressway .
The section north of the intersection was opened .
This is because the section between the east gate and the west gate is very crowded with people .
The road is narrow , but the road is paved with a high water level .
Uji City ( Uji City ) - Joyo City ( Uji City )
Kumiyama Town Office ( Kyoto Prefecture )
The upper side is considered the upper portion is considered the lower portion .
The left is on the left and right side is on the right .
Fiscal year 2005 : Fiscal year 2005 Average Traffic Volume ( Road Traffic Volume )
2 chome , Seika-cho , Soraku-gun
Kumiyama Town Hall - Yawata City Hall
Kizu Regional Development Bureau ( Shiga Prefecture ) : The Kinki Regional Transport Bureau
Kyoto Prefecture Road No. 8 , Kyoto Road No. 8 , Kyoto Road No. 8 circular Road ( Kyoto Prefectural Road No. 8 )
Kyoto Prefecture Road Public Corporation ( tentative name : Kyoto Prefectural Road 478 Road Public Corporation )
Higashi Hongan-ji Temple ( Kyoto City ) : The Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) temple located in Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City .
Shinshu sect Otani school : The name of the Shinshu sect Otani school is derived from the name of the Shinshu sect , and the name of the Shinshu sect Otani school is derived from the name of the Shinshu sect Otani school .
The name of the temple was changed to ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple ' in the first year of the Showa period .
The name of the street comes from the fact that the street is called ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple ' and the street is called ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple . '
( For details , refer to the article on the history of Hongan-ji Temple )
In the same year , the eighth chief priest of Nishi Hongan-ji Temple , Hongwan-ji Temple , was awarded the posthumous Buddhist name of Tokugawa by Emperor Meiji , and in 1602 , the temple became a branch temple of Nishi Hongan-ji Temple .
The temple was originally located in the vicinity of the present-day Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City , and was given the title of ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple ' by the Emperor .
In 1941 , the Jodo Shinshu sect was divided into two groups , one was formed by the Shinshu sect and the other was formed by the Shinshu sect .
In the past , the temple was named ' Kosho-ji Temple ' and the temple was named ' Kosho-ji Temple ' and the temple was named ' Kosho-ji Temple ' because it was located on the east side of the temple , which was located on the west side of the temple .
In addition , the name of the school is used for the Jodo Shinshu sect Otani school , and the name of the school is used for the Jodo Shinshu sect Otani school .
Refer to the Incident .
In the early modern period , the temple was rebuilt with the help of many people , including those of the wealthy class , including those of the wealthy merchant class , and it was decided that the temple would be rebuilt with the funds donated by the local people , including the " Red Cross Society " and the " Red Cross Society " of the National Museum of Japanese History .
The main hall is a miniature temple that was rebuilt in the Edo period and houses a statue of Amitabha .
It is a Sanmon gate ( temple gate ) and one of the five gates .
" San Kannon " ( The Sutra of the Buddha of Mt . Koya ) by Ken MATSUO is a copy of the manuscript .
It is a residential area located in the south of the station .
He was the present chief priest of Otani University .
National Treasure
Important Cultural Properties
Take the Kyoto City Subway Tozai Line to Kyoto Station .
University
Otani University
Kyoto Koka Women 's University
Osaka Otani University
Junior high school
Osaka University of Art
Osaka Music School
Osaka Women 's University
Myoren-ji Temple ( Maizuru City )
Kyoto Prefectural First Higher Middle School ( old education system ) was established .
It is abbreviated as ' ki . '
He was the first president .
In 1871 , he became a professor at Osaka Prefectural University .
The operation of the train was changed to the express train .
In 1886 , he was appointed to Daigaku no kami ( Director of the Bureau of Education ) .
In 1886 , he was transferred to the 2nd university of Tokyo ( under the old system ) .
In 1886 , he became the second chief priest of Tokyo Higher Normal School ( under the old system ) .
In 1880 , he became a professor at Osaka Prefectural School of Foreign Languages .
In 1898 , he became a professor at Osaka Prefectural University .
He became a professor at Osaka Prefectural University in 1880 .
In 1886 , he became the principal of the Junior High School of the University of Tokyo .
In 1890 , he became a professor at the University of Tokyo , and then he became a professor at the University of Tokyo .
Faculty of Medicine was renamed Faculty of Medicine .
He became the first chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple in Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture , and then moved to Kyoto City in 1889 .
Faculty of Economics was established .
In 1891 , he became the principal of the Third Higher School .
Doshisha Junior High School ( under the old system ) was closed .
Faculty of Engineering
In 1890 , he was transferred to the Department of Political Science of Kyoto Imperial University ( current Faculty of Letters ) .
The Faculty of Law was established ( the current Faculty of Law and Economics was established in the same year ) .
In 1898 , he became a professor at the University of Tokyo .
In 1949 , he became a professor at Kyoto Imperial University , Faculty of Letters , Kyoto University , and Kyoto University , and he was promoted to a regular course .
In 1947 , the following year , the first generation students were enrolled in the school .
It was renamed as Faculty of Commerce in the same year .
2004 : The Graduate School of Social Studies was reorganized as the Faculty of Social Studies .
2007 : The Faculty of Social Studies was established .
Faculty of Commerce was abolished .
Faculty of Social Studies and Faculty of Social Studies were established in 1997 .
Refer to the article on the History of Japan .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is a god ( Shinto ) who appears in Japanese Mythology .
The shrine is also known as ' Ame no Minakanushi no Kami ' ( the god of heaven ) , which is one of the Shinto gods ( Shinto ) that was enshrined in the shrine .
It is a Shinto ritual to enshrine the ancestors of the Imperial Family .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) in the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters )
It is also called Ame no Minakanushi no Mikoto .
The " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) describes that ' the gods of heaven and earth are enshrined together . '
It is not known when the god was born , but it is said that the god was born .
According to the " Kojiki " ( Records of Ancient Matters ) and the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , he was ordered by the Emperor to go to the east with his older brother , Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , but he did not go to the west because he was a god of the land and was also a god of the land , and he was also a god of the land .
The Three Sacred Treasures of the Imperial Family are enshrined together with the Yata no Kagami ( the mirror ) , which is the Yata no Kagami ( the mirror ) , and the Yata no Kagami ( the mirror ) , which is the Yata no Kagami ( the mirror ) .
The original text of " Kojiki " was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
The origin of the word is unknown .
Descriptions in mythology
According to the " Kojiki , " when the fire broke out , he gave birth to a baby girl named Kagutsuchi , who was born between Izanagi and Izanami .
He was born between Izanagi and Izanami , and his right eye was named after the name of his mother , Izanagi no mikoto .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) was ordered to go back to his country .
Izanagi returned to his hometown , Yamato Province , where he had been waiting for his father , Izanagi , for a long time .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , who was a younger brother of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , went down to the east and asked her to go to the east , but she did not go back to her hometown , and she went back to her hometown , Kii Province .
Susano and Izanami were born from the same family , and they were given a special permission to go back to the world of the dead , and they were given a special permission to go back to the world of the dead .
It is said that the three generations of emperors , namely , Amaterasu , and Amaterasu , were born from the same mother .
Ame no Minakanushi no Kami
Ame no Minakanushi no Kami
Shishi no Kami :
Saigu no tsukasa ( Office of the Imperial Table )
Yamatohime no Mikoto
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , who had been hiding herself in the Ama no iwato ( Cave of Heaven ) , was ordered to go to the east of the cave to make her his wife , Amaterasu Omikami .
The world is peaceful , and the world is peaceful .
However , he was ordered by Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) to go to the east of the cave to make the land of the dead , and he was ordered to go to the west of the cave of the cave , where he and Izanami ( the goddess of wisdom and talent ) were born .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) gave birth to a child named Isotakeru , who was sent to Ashihara no Nakatsukuni ( the Central Land of Reed Plains ) .
Susanoo , who was born as a child of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , went back to his hometown and went back to his hometown , Ashihara no nakatsukuni .
Commentary
It is said that the reason why he was given the title of god was because of the fact that he was not only a god of heaven but also a god of heaven and earth , and that he was also involved in the planning of the plan to build up the nation by the order of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
It is thought that the ancient Shinto priests were also included in the category of gods .
She is also known as ' Hime ' and is enshrined in the hall of worship .
It is said that the original form of the divine spirit of the sun goddess was the same as that of the sun god , and that the sun god was the god of the sun god .
It is said that the first half of the book was the Empress Jito and the second half was the Empress Jito .
In addition , according to the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , it was decided that ' if you look at the moon , you will be able to see the moon , ' and in the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) , it was decided to be the first step on the shape of the sun , moon , moon , moon , and moon , and moon , ' and in the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) , it was decided that the sun and moon were the first step on the development of the system of Buddhism .
In addition , there is a description in " Shinsen Shojiroku " ( Newly Compiled Register of Clan Names and Titles of Nobility ) that says that the gods of heaven and earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth , and the gods of heaven and earth , should be enshrined in the shrine building , and the gods of earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth , and the gods of earth , should be enshrined in the shrine building .
There are two theories about the origin of the word , one is that it was created in the middle of the 12th century , and another is that it was created in the middle of the 11th century , and another is that it was produced in the middle of the 11th century .
It is said that , in the past , there was a custom of using the same kind of wood from the Asian Continent , but in recent years , it has been pointed out that the people in the eastern Japan had a strong sense of danger of having the same color as those from the east and west .
The " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) also describes that the Emperor Tenmu had a certain degree of influence on this .
The following is a summary of the incident .
645 : The Taika Reforms
The Imperial family was not allowed to have the title of Amaterasu Omikami .
The sun ' is the sun god .
In addition , the name of the god is ' male . '
The shrine 's name is written as ' Miya ' in Chinese characters as well as the kanji ( Chinese characters ) of ' Miya ' ( palace ) , and it is located in the east of the shrine 's precinct , and in the west of the shrine 's precincts , it is written as ' Omiya ' ( palace ) , ' Omiya ' ( palace ) , ' Omiya ' ( palace ) , ' Omiya ' ( palace ) and so on .
The clan was descended from the same ancestor as the Mononobe clan , and the clan was descended from the same ancestor as the Mononobe clan , and the clan was descended from the same ancestor .
He was a younger paternal half-brother of Empress Jingu .
672 : The Jinshin War started .
The word ' Tenjin ' ( heavenly god ) in the title of god means ' male god ' and ' female god ' in the text .
In addition , there is a theory that says that the name of the god of wealth was ' Ama ' and that the god of wealth was ' Ama . '
The shrine was founded in 1895 .
Amaterasu Omikami ' ( the Sun Goddess ) is a Shinto deity .
She was a goddess .
She was the empress of the Emperor Yuryaku , and she was also a woman of the same origin .
In addition , the honorific title ' Tenno ' ( Emperor ) was used .
In addition , the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) states that the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) states that the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) says that the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) says that the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) says that the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) says that the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) says that the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) says that the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) says that the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) says that the " kami " was the name of the god of the shrine , and that the " shaku " was the name of the god of the shrine .
In 1872 , he was enshrined in the Shinto shrine of the State Shinto Shrine , and he was involved in the movement for the separation of Buddhism and Shintoism .
In addition , the following is the list of deities that are considered to be the same god as those of ' Shinto , ' which is said to be the same god as those of ' Shinto , ' which is said to be the same god as Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , and ' Amaterasu Omikami ' ( the Sun Goddess ) , which is said to be the same god as ' the sun god , ' which is said to be the same god as ' sun god , ' and ' the sun god , ' which is said to be the same god as ' sun god , ' which is said to be the same god as ' sun god , ' and ' sun god , ' which is said to be the same god as ' sun god , ' which is the sun god , ' and ' sun god , ' which is the sun god is the sun god , and the sun god , which is said to be the sun god , and the sun god , which is the sun god is
However , in the case of ' the theory of divine protection of the nation , ' it was decided that ' the spirit of the divine spirit of the divine spirit of the divine spirit of the divine spirit of the divine spirit of the divine spirit of the divine spirit of the divine spirit of the divine spirit of the divine spirit of the divine spirit of the divine spirit of the Harima Province , ' and ' the theory of the divine protection of the imperial court and the rise of the power of the Harima Province , ' which was supported by the movement of the temples and shrines .
The Emperor , who was afraid of this , went to the east with the help of the local people , saying , ' You will not be able to escape from the crisis if we are able to escape from the danger of the disease , ' and ' the Emperor ordered the people of the province to build a new building and build a new building . '
After the demise of Emperor Meiji , there was a theory that says that Emperor Meiji ordered the abolition of the ban on the succession to the Imperial Throne .
It is said that the Meiji government was afraid of the separation of Buddhism and Shintoism , and that the existence of the above was not necessarily the case .
Refer to the article on Shinto and Buddhism .
The name of the temple appears in the waka poem , ' When I am still alive , I am going to see you . '
The reason why the sword was used as a substitute for the ' Yata no Kagami ' is that the sword was not used for the ' Yata no Kagami ' ( the mirror ) , but for the ' Yata no Kagami ' ( the mirror ) , which was used for the ' Yata no Kagami ' ( the mirror ) , which was used for the ' Yata no Kagami ' ( the mirror ) , which was used for the ' Yata no Kagami ' ( mirror ) .
It was not until the end of the year that the contents of the book were not so many , and it was decided that he would not have been able to make a comeback with other people such as Kenji MIZOGUCHI .
The temple was built in 1928 as the birthplace of the ' Seishi Bosatsu ' ( Kannon Bodhisattva ) in Nara Prefecture .
The world of the dead is the world of the gods .
In the case of the land of the dead , the word ' ma ' is used to mean ' to go to heaven ' or ' to the world of the dead , ' and the word ' ma ' is used to mean ' to go to heaven and earth . '
Enshrined deities in the main shrine
The shrine is located at the east end of the main shrine , and the shrine is also known as the Kasuga Taisha Shrine and the Kasuga Taisha Shrine .
The Yata no Kagami ( mirror ) is enshrined in the Imperial Court as the shintai ( an object of worship housed in a Shinto shrine and believed to contain the spirit of a deity ) of the Yata no Kagami ( the Heavenly Mirror ) .
The most important shrine in Japan is Ise-jingu Shrine , and the grand festival is held at the shrine .
The term " Tenka " refers to the Japanese name of a place where the official rank of a government official was conferred on a person .
He was also known as a man of high virtue .
( He was also given a special privilege . )
It was a place where people lived in this period .
In addition , the word ' Samurai ' was used in various ways such as in the case of emergency .
Shugo daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord as provincial constable ) during the Sengoku period ( period of warring states ) .
In the Sengoku period ( period of warring states ) , the clan was promoted to daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord ) in the Sengoku period , and the clan was also given the title of " sengoku daimyo " ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) .
In the Edo period , the post was given to daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) who had a territory of 10,000 koku ( crop yields ) .
In the case of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , the family was entitled to have the right to bear a sword .
In addition , the term " sengoku daimyo " ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) refers to the fact that there were many cases in which the Chinese character was used for indicating " daimyo " ( Japanese feudal lord ) and " daimyo " ( Japanese feudal lord ) was used for " daimyo " ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
The history of the domain is as follows :
For details , refer to the article on the Sengoku daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) .
Daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) in the Edo period
In the Edo period , the family was ranked as daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) with the rank of Jushiinoge ( Junior Fourth Rank , Lower Grade ) and the rank of daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
In the early Edo period , the Tokugawa clan was divided into two groups : one group was the Tokugawa clan , and the other was the Tokugawa clan , and the other was the Matsudaira clan , who was a tozama daimyo ( nonhereditary feudal lord ) , and the other was the Matsudaira clan , who was a tozama daimyo ( nonhereditary feudal lord ) , who was a tozama daimyo ( nonhereditary feudal lord ) and a tozama daimyo ( nonhereditary feudal lord ) .
In the same year , he was granted the family name of Matsudaira by the Emperor , and he was granted the family name of Matsudaira by the Emperor , but after the death of his father , he was granted the title of Tokugawa Shogun , he was granted the title of Tokugawa Shogun , and he was granted the status of Tokugawa Gosanke ( three privileged branches of Tokugawa family ) , including the head family , the head family , the branch family , the branch family , and the branch family of the Shimazu family , and the branch families of the Shimazu family , including the Shimazu family , and the Shimazu family .
In addition , he was adopted by Ieyasu TOKUGAWA and became the head of the family of the Tokugawa clan , and he was appointed to the governor of Sanuki Province .
In addition , he was promoted to the rank of Jugoinoge ( Junior Fifth Rank , Lower Grade ) , and in the same year , he became a member of the Gotairo ( Council of Five Elders ) , which led to the rise of the political power of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and he was appointed as a member of the Gotairo ( Council of Five Elders ) , which led to the rise of the political power of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
In addition to the above , there were many cases where the head family of the Asano clan , who had been a vassal of the Tokugawa clan , was punished by being deprived of their official rank and privileges , and the head family of the Asano clan , which had been a branch family of the Asano clan , was deprived of their official rank and privileges , and the family of the Asano clan was deprived of their official rank and properties , and the family line of the lord of the domain was deprived of their official ranks , and the family line of the lord of the domain of Yonezawa Domain in Dewa Province , which had been a branch family of the Asano clan since the Edo period , became a branch family of the Asano clan .
The military power of the clan was strengthened .
In the Edo period , the Ii clan was ranked as a tozama daimyo ( nonhereditary feudal lord ) and became a vassal of the Tokugawa clan .
In addition , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and he also had to fight against the local samurai who were not in the position of the local governor .
In addition to the above , there were many cases where the Mori clan , who were originally from the same clan , was appointed to the post of the chief retainer of the Tokugawa family , such as the Kaga Domain , the Kaga Domain , the Kaga Domain , the Kaga Domain , the Kaga Domain , the Kaga Domain , the Kaga Domain , and the Kaga Domain , and the Kaga Domain , who were originally from the same family as the former lord of the domain , the Shimazu clan , and the Shimazu clan , who were originally from the same domain as the same domain as the former lord of the domain , and the Mori clan , who served as the chief retainer of the domain .
For example , the Tokugawa shogunate ordered that the total number of samurai be increased to 10,000 , and that the number of samurai be increased to 10,000 , and that of the lords of the domains with the same name should be reduced to 10,000 , and that of the lords of the domains with the same name should be reduced to 10,000 , respectively , and that of the lords with the same name should be given to Hideyoshi TOYOTOMI .
For details , please refer to the article on ' The Family Tree . '
In the case of the land survey conducted in the western part of Japan , there were many cases where the land was confiscated , but the land was confiscated by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and the land was confiscated by daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) .
In addition , the term " hyakusho " refers to a person who has a certain level of control over his territory .
His territory was 10,000 koku , and his family was a branch family of the Ogasawara clan in Shimotsuke Province .
The family line of the Ashikaga clan is said to have been descended from the Nitta clan .
The Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered various daimyo to build new castles .
In the Edo period , the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered that the number of samurai be reduced to less than one hundred and more than ten thousand .
It is also known as " Buke Shohatto " ( Laws for the warrior class ) .
He was a member of the House of Peers .
He was a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) who lived in the castle town .
In addition , there is a tea room in the residence of the lord of the domain in Honjo , Edo .
He was also a master of military arts .
The feudal lord 's procession entered into the castle and went to the castle town .
It is also called as ' apart ' because it is a place where many people can stay .
The Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered the maintenance of the castle town and the maintenance of the castle town .
It was a feudal retainer of the domain .
In addition , he was ordered to become a merchant with a stipend of rice and to work as a merchant .
Daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) ordered their vassals to leave their domains .
Fushin fushin :
He went on a pilgrimage to the capital .
The Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered the production of Asano Takumi no Kami .
It is served with a knife and is eaten with a knife .
It is also said that this is the last time for the guests to visit .
It is made from fish meat and meat .
A person who was allowed to enter the tea room .
It is a very popular dish .
It is a kind of earthenware pot , and it is said that there are many items that were used as a tool for cooking such as water and water .
It is made with a white cloth .
In the early-modern times , the word ' manga ' was used to refer to the documents written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) or kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and the word ' manga ' was used to refer to the documents written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) or kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
The word ' Tenka ' was used in the past , but it was not until the Edo period when the word ' Tenka ' came to be used .
In the past , there was a word ' manga ' ( a humorous story ) , but in recent years , the word ' manga ' was used in the word ' manga ' ( a humorous story ) and ' manga ' ( a comic tanka ) , and in the article of ' manga ' it is written that ' it was not only a word but also a word but also a word for the word ' fusuma ' but also a word for the word . '
In the Edo period , the word ' sankyoku ' was used as a word meaning ' to make people laugh . '
Shugo daimyo ( shugo , which were Japanese provincial military governors , that became daimyo , which were Japanese feudal lords ) and Sengoku daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period )
Fudai daimyo ( a daimyo in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) and fudai daimyo ( a daimyo in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family )
Han ( Domains )
Daimyo ( feudal lord )
