The mausoleum
Eisai was a Buddhist monk who lived in the early Kamakura period .
He was the founder of Soto Sect .
At that time , he was also known as master of calligraphy .
It is also known as a term that means ' a person who is a Buddha . '
His shigo ( a posthumous name ) was Kogyo Kokushi ( Master of Zen Buddhism ) , and his shigo ( posthumous name ) was Kogyo Kokushi .
He was also known as Dogen .
It is said that the number of people who have been engaged in the production of tea leaves increased due to the influence of Buddhism .
It is said that the origin of the name is from the fact that it was made from the trees of trees and trees of trees .
His father was MINAMOTO no Michichika , who was Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) and Naidaijin ( Minister of the Center ) , but it is not clear whether he was a descendant of the Fujiwara clan or not .
His father was MINAMOTO no Yoritomo , and he was promoted to Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) Gon Dainagon ( a provisional chief councilor of state ) , but it is said that he was an older brother of his mother , FUJIWARA no Muneko , who was a daughter of TAIRA no Kiyomori , and he was a younger brother of TAIRA no Yorimori .
His father was MINAMOTO no Akifusa , who was Udaijin ( minister of the right ) .
His mother was the second daughter of Yoshitsune KUJO , and later he was promoted to Chunagon ( vice-councilor of state ) ( " Genpei Seisui ki " ( Rise and Fall of the Minamoto and the Taira clans ) ) .
It is said that he had no choice but to make his daughter marry into the Kujo family after the death of his older brother , FUJIWARA no Sadaie , and he was appointed as Kanpaku ( chief advisor to the Emperor ) .
There is a theory that he was a child of Shinran , but it is not clear whether he was a child of Shinran .
It is said that the phrase ' The life of Buddha ' was written in the " Commentary on the Treatise on the Pure Land " by Sogi .
In the same year , he became a priest at Mt . Hiei together with his father .
He became a priest and was given the title of Daishi ( a title of respect given to close female relatives of the Emperor or a woman of comparable standing ) of Mt . Hiei in 1235 .
He became a priest of Enryaku-ji Temple on Mt . Hiei in Tendai Sect .
He became a priest of Tofuku-ji Temple in Mt . Koya in 1235 .
In the same year , he went to China , and in the same year , he became a priest of the Soto sect at Mt . Hiei , and he founded the Soto sect .
He returned to Japan in 1212 .
He became the chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple in Kyoto City .
After the incident , he lived in Mt . Hiei .
He was appointed to the Governor of Echizen Province by the order of his father in March , 1939 .
The origin of the name of the residence was the residence of the chief priest of Ryoan-ji Temple in Omi ( Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture ) and the residence of the chief retainer of the castle of the lord of the castle , Masachika GOTO .
In 1602 , he founded Kosho-ji Temple in Izumi Province .
In the same year , he returned to secular life and changed his name to Tofuku-ji Temple .
In the same year , he went to Kamakura to study under FUJIWARA no Yoritsune and MINAMOTO no Yoriie .
It was in the Kamakura period when the Zen sect was introduced to Japan , but it was in fact brought back to Japan in August of the same year .
In the same year , he died at the age of 44 , and he succeeded to the position of chief priest of Tofuku-ji Temple on Mt . Koya , but he died at the age of 44 in the same year .
It is said that he died of illness .
In the case of the Buddha 's sariras , it is difficult to keep the original form of the Buddha 's teachings , so that it is difficult to keep the original form of the Buddha 's teachings in the same way as those of the Buddha 's teachings , so that it is difficult to keep the original form of the Buddha 's teachings in the same way as the Buddha 's teachings .
It is said that the Nichiren sect did not have any particular achievements in the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) .
It is the way to become a Buddha and to become a Buddha .
The following is the example :
3 . All of them are good and evil .
It is said that he did not have a long life .
The color of the skin and the skin
In the case of the Buddha 's teachings , the Buddha 's teachings are all good and evil , and they are all good and evil .
The three treasures of Buddhism .
The reason why he became a priest was that he did not go to the Pure Land but did not go to the Pure Land , and that he did not go to the Pure Land to become a Buddha , and that he did not go to the Pure Land to become a Buddha .
" Kuyo " ( Buddhist prayer )
" Nihon Koten Bungaku Taikei " ( The Complete Works of Japanese Classic Literature ) ( Iwanami Shoten , Publishers , 1969 )
" Shin Nihon Koten Bungaku Taikei " ( The Complete Works of Modern Japanese Literature , Vol . 2 , Ltd . ) ( Iwanami Shoten , 1976 )
" Shin Nihon Koten Bungaku Taikei " ( The Complete Works of Japanese Classic Literature , Vol . 2 ) ( Iwanami Shoten , 1993 )
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " ( translated by Shokei SHIBATA , translated by Shokei SHIBATA , published by Iwanami Shoten , 1993 )
" The Complete Works of English " ( Iwanami Shoten , 1993 ) ISBN Property
" The Analects of Confucius "
" Kanjo " ( Buddhist mass )
" The complete works of art " ( translated by Shokei SHIBATA , published by Kodansha Ltd . , 1979 )
" Shinsen Shojiroku " ( Newly Compiled Register of Shinto and Buddhism )
Dogen 's " Selected Verses on the Pure Land "
" The Book of the Gods and the Moon " written by Shokei SHIBATA , 1938
" Fudo " ( published by Iwanami Shoten , Publishers , 1993 )
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " ( Iwanami Shoten , 1976 )
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " ( translated by Shokei SHIBATA , published by Iwanami Shoten , 1971 )
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " written by Shokei SHIBATA , published by Iwanami Shoten , 1971
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " written by Sogi , translated by Shokei ( high-ranking Buddhist priest ) , published by Iwanami Shoten , 2005
He wrote a book on the history of Japanese Buddhism , " Complete Works of Priest Myoe " ( Important Cultural Property ) .
List of books
" Selected Biography of Master Ikkyu " written by Kenko YOSHIDA
" Genji Monogatari Emaki " ( The Illustrated Scroll of the Tale of Genji ) ( owned by the Yomei Bunko Art Museum )
Color painting on silk of portrait of High Priest Buson '
" Commentary on the Meditation Sutra " ( Commentary on the Meditation Sutra ) , Volume 6 , 1919
" Bussetsu Muryoju-kyo " ( The Sutra of the Buddha of the Buddha of the Present ) , translated by Shokei SHIBATA , published by Kodansha Ltd .
" Nihon Koten Bungaku Taikei " ( Complete Collection of Japanese Literature ) ( property of Tokyo National Museum )
" Collection of Buddhist Scriptures , " Volume 3 , Volume 3 , by Ki Shoin , published by Chuo Koronsha in 1966
" Bussetsu Muryoju-kyo Sutra " ( Sutra of Amida Buddha ) ( Important Cultural Property )
Soseki NATSUME 's ' Complete Works of Yukichi FUKUZAWA ' published by Iwanami Shoten Publishing Co . , Ltd .
By Ryotaro SHIBA , " The Story of Ryoma " ( Kadokawa Shoten )
His last work is " The Story of Mr. Ito " written by Ryotaro SHIBA ( published by Iwanami Shoten ) .
His last poem is included in the " Asahi Shinbun " ( The Asahi Shinbun ) , a collection of the " Asahi Shinbun " ( newspaper ) .
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " written by Sogi
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum ( Kyoto Prefecture ) : A museum located in front of the station , located in front of the station
The company was founded as a result of the establishment of a new company , and in September of 1931 , it was decided to build a new company in the vicinity of the old site of the old site of the old Kyoto Station , and in September of the same year , it was decided to build a new company in the western part of Japan ( the western part of Japan ) , and in September of the same year , it was decided to build a new company in the western part of Japan ( the western part of Japan ) ( the western part of Japan ) , and in September of the same year , it was decided to build a new company in the western part of the western part of Japan ( the western part of Japan ) .
In the wake of the division and privatization of JNR in 1987 , the station became a JR West station .
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum and Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum used to be in operation .
In the early Showa period , it was decided that the construction of steam locomotives would be completed , but the work was delayed .
It is said that the former was used as an alternative name for ' the former site of the residence of the Minister of Agriculture and Commerce , ' while the latter was used as a base for ' the former site of the former residence of the Minister of Agriculture and Commerce in Hiroshima Prefecture , ' which was used as a base of the ' the former residence of the Minister of Agriculture and Commerce in Hiroshima Prefecture , ' which was used as a base of the former residence of the Minister of Agriculture and Commerce , Kyoto Prefecture .
In the past , there were two types of steam locomotives , one was a model steam locomotive , but the other was a model steam locomotive , which was a model steam locomotive , and the other was a model steam locomotive .
The Museum of Modern Art , Kyoto , is located on the east side of the main building , and the Museum of Modern Art and Design is located on the west side of the second floor .
April 1 , 1934 : The first floor was made of wood , and the second floor was made of wood , and the third floor was made of wood .
In 2004 , it was designated as a special historic site .
The building has two stories , one is in front of the main building , and the other is in front of the main building of the Museum of Modern Art , Kyoto , and the other is in front of the main building of the main building of the Museum of Modern Art and Design , in front of the main building of the Museum of Kyoto , and in front of the main building .
The building was originally built on the western side of the Kyoto Prefectural Government , but it was moved to its current site in 1981 and was completed in 1991 .
It was decided that the construction of the new station would be completed in the following year ( 1981 ) , and that the construction of the new station would be completed in the same year , and that the construction of the new station would be completed in the following year ; the construction of the new station would be completed between Kyoto Station and Sonobe Station on the Sanin Main Line ( Sagano Line ) , and the construction of the new station house would be completed in the same year ; and the construction of the new station house would be completed in the vicinity of the former Kyoto Station ( Sagano Line ) , and the construction of the new station house would be completed in the vicinity of the station house of the Kyoto Station ( Sagano Line ) .
It was designated as a national important cultural property in 1996 .
In the early Showa period , there were two types of steam locomotives : one was a model of a steam locomotive and one was a model of a steam locomotive .
The total length of the steam locomotive was changed from one third to one third in order to one third in order to make the total length of the steam locomotive , and the construction cost was reduced to one third in order to make the total length of the steam locomotive , and the total length of the steam locomotive was reduced to one third in order to make the total length of the steam locomotive .
For example , the section of ' Tango Discovery No. 1 , No. 4 , No. 6 , No. 6 , No. 6 , No. 6 , No. 6 , ' is used for the section of ' Tango Discovery No. 6 , No. 6 , No. 6 , No. 6 , No. 6 and No. 6 . '
For example , the number of the cars is reduced to less than one hundred and the number of the cars is not fixed .
There are two types of steam locomotives , one is " steam locomotives " and the other is " steam locomotives . "
The station house was built on the site of the former site of the former residence of MINAMOTO no Yoshitsune , and the new station house was built on the west side of the platform , and the new station house was built on the east side of the platform , and the new station house was built on the east side of the platform .
The area around the station is also a part of the area .
In the same year , the construction of the steam locomotive was completed , and the facilities of the steam locomotives were transferred to the Japan Freight Railway Company .
plum blossoms
It is a nickname for ' Hana ' ( flower ) .
It was made in 1919 , and in 2007 it was made in England , and in the form was made in England , and in the form was made in the form of a steam locomotive .
The reason why the name of the office was abolished was as of 2008 .
The actual number of people who used this type is 26 ( 26 ) .
JNR steam locomotive steam locomotive
It was manufactured in 1932 .
The company was given the license of the Hokkaido Development Commission .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
JNR / JR Diesel Car Series Kiha 80
In 1914 , he became the director of Kawasaki Factory .
The operation started with the opening of the freight line .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1991 , it was opened .
JNR / JR Kiha 40 Series Diesel Cars
1977 : The Hotel was opened .
He was the governor of Kumamoto Prefecture .
It was issued in 1997 .
In 2002 , it was opened to the public for the first time , and was opened to the public in 2002 .
JNR steam locomotive
In 1932 , he was employed as an engineering engineer .
The company was in charge of managing the railway business at the site of the Fuji branch of the Fuji Electric Railway Co . , Ltd .
In 1953 , the company started the operation .
JNR / JR Diesel Cars Type 120 ( steam locomotive )
1929 : The company was founded .
It was introduced in 1943 .
It was planned to be sold at the site of the Museum of Modern Art , Ltd . , and was transferred to the site of the Museum of Modern Art .
JNR steam locomotive steam locomotive ( steam locomotive )
It was manufactured in 1928 .
The construction work was completed in 1931 .
It was completed in 1954 , and was used as a research laboratory for the International Research Institute of Technology , Inc .
JNR steam locomotive
1932 : The steam locomotive was manufactured .
The operation of this bus route started .
It was issued in 1997 .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 ( 200 )
1932 : The company purchased it from the company .
He became the governor of Hyogo Prefecture .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 117 ( 200 )
1934 : The company was manufactured by Mitsubishi Corporation .
He became the governor of Niigata Prefecture .
Kaya Steam Locomotive
It was manufactured in 1934 .
The operation of this bus route was operated with a license plate .
In 1953 , the company started the operation .
JNR steam locomotive
1944 : The company was founded .
The operation of this bus route was transferred to the Nara Line .
It was issued in 1997 .
JNR steam locomotive steam locomotive ( steam locomotive )
1944 : The company purchased it from Mitsubishi Corporation .
He became the governor of Kumamoto Prefecture .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1949 , the company was reorganized .
JNR / JR Kiha 58 Series Diesel Car ( steam locomotive )
1944 : The company was founded .
It was transferred to the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) in 1977 .
It was transferred to the Kinki Nippon Railway Company ( JR West ) in 1977 .
1997 : The station house was relocated to its current site .
The second generation : Type 1 steam locomotive ( railway )
1944 : The company was founded .
It was the former site of the detached office of the Hokkaido Development Commission .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1949 , the company was reorganized .
Kaya Railway Co . , Ltd.
1944 : The company was founded .
It was a branch office of the Bank of Japan .
It was issued in 1997 .
Kaya Railway steam locomotive
In 1977 , he was employed at the Kawasaki factory .
He became the governor of Toyooka Prefecture .
In 1953 , the company started the operation .
Track gauge : 130 km / h
He was registered as a second class railway company in Aichi Prefecture in 1977 .
The Tanabe branch office was established in the town .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1949 , the company was reorganized .
JNR steam locomotive
1944 : The company was founded .
It was the first branch office of the Hokkaido Development Commission .
It was issued in 1997 .
Red ink painting on the walls
Monochrome ink painting on paper
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum , Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum
Made from black lead iron plate with an inscription of two iron pieces
A pair of wooden bell ( an important cultural property )
Black ink painting on a pair of white walls
Masuda Steam Locomotive Museum ( eight cars )
Picture of a pine tree
A pair of black ink paintings on top of the stone wall
A pair of wooden sword with an inscription on the upper part
JNR / JR Kiha 40 Series Diesel Cars
Two persons were assigned to each type of car .
JNR / JR Passenger Car Series 10
A box lunch is available .
It is made of wood , and it is made of wood , and it is made of wood .
There is no toilet .
" History of 100 Years ' " ( Fukuchiyama City Museum )
" Onmyoji " ( 2004 , Asahi Television )
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum
The film was released in the " Asahi Shimbun " ( The Asahi Shimbun ) , a film produced in the 1960s , and the film was produced in the " Hotel Koyo " series .
In 1997 , the museum was opened with a steel roof and a glass bridge .
There are three buildings , ' Arashiyama , ' ' Arashiyama , ' ' Arashiyama , ' and ' Arashiyama . '
" The New Year 's Eve " ( directed by Hiroyuki KATO ) , December 1998
Shiki Sanban is one of the traditional performing arts .
It is a kind of Buddhist sutra used in Buddhist rites .
In China , it is also called " Senko " or " Senko . "
It is written in the style of a formal style of a Buddhist priest 's name .
It is a part of the ancient Chinese art of calligraphy .
The Four Books of Confucianism ( Buddhism ) , the Four Books of Confucianism ( Buddhism ) , the Four Books of Confucianism ( Buddhism ) , the Four Books of Confucianism ( Buddhism ) , and the Four Books of Confucianism ( Buddhism ) are collectively referred to as the Four Books .
It was introduced into Japan through the influence of Buddhism .
In Japan , it is said that the Great Buddha Hall was built in order to pray for the happiness of the dead , and that the Great Buddha Hall was built in Todai-ji Temple in the same year .
During the reign of Emperor Enyu , he was given the title of Daishi ( the third highest rank in the hierarchy of Buddhist priests ) and the title of Daishi ( the third highest rank in the hierarchy of Buddhist priests ) .
In the case of the Tendai sect , the number of schools and schools of Buddhism was fixed .
This is a part of the Buddhist sutra .
As a result , he was not able to become a priest .
Later , it was incorporated into musical instruments for the first time .
There are two types of schools , one is the art of warfare and the other is the art of warfare .
In addition , there is a practice in which a master of learning ( or a disciple of a Zen master ) who is not allowed to do so because he is not a master of learning , or a master of learning , or a disciple of a master of learning .
On the other hand , he was also involved in a conflict between the two sides .
The number of schools has decreased and the number of schools has decreased .
In the Tendai sect , it was established by Saicho .
After the death of Saicho , he was also involved in the construction of Buddhist statues and Buddhist scriptures .
He was the founder of the Yuzu Nenbutsu sect .
He became the chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple in Uji City , Kyoto Prefecture .
The temple was named after Mt . Koya , which was located in the northeast of the main hall , and was named after Mt . Koya .
He was also a chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple on Mt . Hiei , and later he became the first chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple .
In addition , he established the foundation of the Shijo school and the Shijo school .
Later , the temple was converted into a temple .
His method of making a new piece of music was also changed .
In the past , the Tendai sect and the Tendai sect were established .
Nenbutsu ( Buddhist invocation ) , nenbutsu ( Buddhist invocation ) , and nenbutsu ( Buddhist invocation ) are all included in the category of Buddhism .
In the past , the Shingon Esoteric Buddhism sect was established .
In the early stage , he received kanjo ( ceremony to be the successor ) .
It is said that he was a monk of the Tendai Sect .
He was also involved in the selection of Buddhist paintings .
In the early-modern times , there were many cases where the three families of the Ono clan , the Ono clan , the Ono clan , the Ono clan , and the Ono clan were allowed to enter the Buddhist priesthood .
In the Edo period , the Shingon sect was abolished .
In the early-modern times , the Yamashina school was divided into two schools ; the Yamashina school and the Yamashina school , and in the early modern period , it was divided into two schools .
It is a grand head temple of the Tendai sect , Sennyu-ji Temple , Sennyu-ji Temple , and Sennyu-ji Temple , which is located in Kyoto City .
It is a school of the Shingon sect , and is said to have been founded by Shinjo ITO ( founder of the Shingon sect ) and Shinjo ITO ( founder of the sect ) .
It is a school of the Shingon sect .
In the same year , it was founded by Hideyoshi TOYOTOMI , and in the same year , it was founded as a branch temple of the Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) in Kanazawa City , Ishikawa Prefecture .
It is also known as ' The Great Wisdom Sutra ' or ' The Great Wisdom Sutra . '
It was founded by Shinjo ITO ( the founder of the Shingon sect ) .
He was a priest of the Myoshin-ji Temple in Saga , Saga Prefecture .
In the same year , he built Kiyomizu-dera Temple on Mt . Koya and Mt . Koya ( Mt . Koya ) .
Later , it was also known as Mt . Koya and Mt . Koya and was referred to as Mt . Koya .
It is also referred to as a stone lantern or a stone lantern .
In addition to the above , there are various kinds of music , such as music , music , music , and music .
It is a kind of music that can be enjoyed in a wide range of ways .
Emperor Tenchi
A woman .
Prince Otsu ( year of birth unknown - June , 686 )
The present Emperor .
His Japanese-style posthumous name was YAMATO Takeru no Mikoto .
His imina ( personal name ) was Sukune .
His childhood name was Prince Shotoku .
He was commonly called Prince Shotoku .
The name of ' Prince Shotoku ' was used in the ' Imperial Edict . '
Details are as follows :
He was the second Prince of Emperor Jomei .
Her mother was Empress Kogyoku .
His mother was a daughter of Prince Kusakabe and a younger sister of Prince Kusakabe .
In the same year , Emperor Tenchi was assassinated by his uncle SOGA no Umako , and SOGA no Emishi , who was the Crown Prince of Emperor Tenmu , was appointed as Crown Prince .
After the Taika Reforms , it was decided that the Soga clan and the Mononobe clan should be the national polity .
The next year , the Emperor was killed by SOGA no Umako and others .
In the same year , he was sent to Tang Dynasty China with his father , Emperor Shomu , and in the same year , he was sent to Tang ( China ) , but he was defeated in the Battle of Hakusukinoe and returned to Japan .
In the same year , he was sent to Tang ( China ) , but he died at the age of 56 .
After the death of Emperor Tenchi , the following year , he was sent to the Kyushu region , but he died of illness at the age of 56 .
In addition , the following year , the Emishi / Ezo ( northerners / northerners ) were constructed and the Imperial Court ordered the construction of new roads and bridges .
The number of cap ranks was increased to four .
He was given the family name of ' Kuni no Miyatsuko ' in the year 701 .
Emperor Tenchi was the second son of Emperor Tenchi .
However , after Emperor Tenmu died , his son , Prince Otomo ( Emperor Kobun ) , became the crown prince .
Emperor Tenmu and Emperor Tenmu were born in this period .
After the death of Emperor Tenji , his son , Emperor Konin , was born as the second son of FUJIWARA no Fuhito .
The next year , he married a daughter of Prince Otomo ( Emperor Kobun ) and had a prince .
Brief Personal History
Year 660 .
Prince Naka no Oe ( later Emperor Shomu ) : He became the Crown Prince on March 24 , 645 .
August 5 , 1870 : He was enthroned ( Emperor Junnin ) .
Emperor Tenchi ( his reign lasted from February 13 , 686 to March 28 , 1987 )
He died at the age of 56 on January 24 , 672 .
However , according to " Taiheiki " ( The Record of the Great Peace ) , he escaped from the Imperial Palace with his younger brother , Emperor Kobun , and died in battle .
Emperor Tenchi 's reign lasted from the beginning to the beginning of the 20th century .
There are several theories about this .
Emperor Tenmu was in favor of him .
There is a theory that says that he was a child of Emperor Tenchi , and that he was a child of Emperor Tenchi , and that he was also a child of Emperor Tenchi , and he was also a child of Emperor Tenchi .
It is said that the first half of the book was written by Emperor Tenchi and the second half of the book was written by Emperor Tenmu , but it is not clear whether it was written by Emperor Tenmu or not .
However , it is said that the number of the people who died at the age of 40 was about 70 , but the details are not known .
According to the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , it was decided that he would succeed to the throne after his father 's death , however , he was not able to enter the priesthood because of his father 's will , Emperor Tenchi 's will , and he was not able to enter the priesthood , so he was called ' the first prince of Emperor , ' ' the second prince of Emperor Tenchi , ' the third prince of Emperor Tenmu , ' the third prince of Emperor Tenmu , ' the third prince of Emperor Tenmu , ' the third prince of Emperor Tenmu . '
According to the " Kojiki " ( Records of Ancient Matters ) , it was decided that he would be the second son of Emperor Ojin , and that he would have been the third son of Emperor Tenmu .
" Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) describes that the Emperor Tenmu did not have any children , and therefore , it is considered that the Imperial Throne was succeeded by the Emperor Tenchi .
This is the last version of the Chinese version .
There is a theory that says that the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) and " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) were not written in the same way as the " Kojiki " ( Records of Ancient Matters ) .
( " Nihonshoki " [ Chronicles of Japan ] )
He was the prince of Emperor Tenchi , but it is said that he was assassinated by SOGA no Iruka .
There are several theories about the reason why he became a priest , including the theory that he was a member of the Imperial family and the theory that he was a member of the Soga clan .
Prince Naka no Oe was also suspected of rebellion .
It is said that the contents of " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) and " Shoku Nihongi " ( Chronicle of Japan Continued ) were not completed at that time .
There is also a theory that says that the Emperor Tenchi did not have any children , and that the Soga clan was involved in the dispute over the succession to the Imperial Throne .
There is a theory that the Emperor Tenmu was a son of Emperor Tenmu .
According to the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , she was a younger sister of Emperor Tenchi , and she was also a younger sister of Emperor Tenchi .
The reason why he was not able to make a comeback was because of the fact that he had no children between his older sister , Princess Matsu , and his younger sister , Princess Ahe , who had married into the Imperial Family as a result of the assassination of her husband , Prince Otomo ( later Emperor Tenchi ) , and that he was not able to take part in the plan to raise an army because of the rebellion of FUJIWARA no Hirotsugu , but because of the false charge of rebellion , he was also involved in the plot to kill himself with the false charge of rebellion by the Soga clan .
She was the first lawful wife of the Emperor Tenchi , but it is not clear whether she was actually the Empress or not .
There is a theory that says that the Emperor Tenmu gave him the title of ' Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi ' ( sword ) and the Emperor Tenmu gave him the title ' Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi ' ( sword ) .
There is a theory that says that he was not a prince but a son of Emperor Tenmu , and that he was given the name ' Hashihito no Himemiko . '
The contents of the book are not so much , but rather , the contents of the book can be said to be a part of the economic development and the development of the research and development of new fields .
Poems
Manyoshu ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves )
The first half of the book was written by Emperor Murakami , and the second half was written by MINAMOTO no Shitago .
The wind blows through the clouds , and the wind blows through the clouds .
His name appears in " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) .
In the middle of the night , when the sun rises and the sun rises up , it is said that the land of the dead is located in the east of the city , where the sun rises , and that the land of the dead is located is located , and the land of the dead is located in the west of the city , where the sun is located .
The Sanjo family was a court noble of the Kanin line .
The Sanjo family was one of the Seiga family ( the second highest family status for court nobles ) , which was descended from the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan .
The Sanjo Family : a side line of Shijo
He was from the branch family of the Saionji clan in Iyo Province , and he was also known by the name of Fujiwara .
Its kamon ( family crest ) is three horizontal lines .
He was the second son of FUJIWARA no Ienari of the Kanin line of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan .
In the same year , he was promoted to the rank of Jugoinoge ( Junior Fifth Rank , Lower Grade ) , and after the death of his father , Emperor Gotoba , he was appointed to the post of Mutsu no kami ( the governor of Mutsu Province ) by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) along with his father , MINAMOTO no Sanetomo , and he was trusted by his grandfather , MINAMOTO no Yoriie , who was a close aide of the Retired Emperor Gotoba .
The origin of the name of the residence was the residence of the Saionji clan located in Iwakura , Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City .
The name of the street comes from the fact that it was built by the Kujo family , who served as chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple , during the period of the Northern and Southern Courts ( Japan ) .
After the fall of the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , the family line of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan began to serve as the court noble family .
He was a son of Emperor Godaigo , and he also became a priest of Daikaku-ji Temple on Mt . Hiei .
However , after Emperor Godaigo died , the family line of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan , which was a branch line of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan , was broken and he was ordered to enter into priesthood .
After the death of his father , he was appointed to Rokuhara Tandai Kitakata ( Northern Chief of Rokuhara Tandai , an administrative and judicial agency in Rokuhara , Kyoto ) .
In the same year , he was ordered to kill himself by the order of Emperor Godaigo , but he was defeated by the army of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and he was exiled to Oki no shima Island ( Oki Islands ) , which was the base of the direct line of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan ( the family line of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan ) , and he was exiled to Oki no shima Island ( Oki Islands ) .
He was a legitimate son of the Saionji family in the period of the Northern and Southern Courts ( Japan ) , and was granted the title of Sadaijin ( minister of the left ) .
The family business was calligraphy during the Edo period , and it is said that the family business was calligraphy .
He was born as the second son of Kanpaku ( chief adviser to the Emperor ) Tadataka HOSOKAWA , and his wife was a daughter of Tadataka HOSOKAWA , but he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) at the time of the Battle of Toba Fushimi , and he was given the name of Ukyo no daibu ( Master of the Western Capital Offices ) , Ukyo no daibu ( Master of the Western Capital Offices ) , Ukyo no daibu ( Master of the Western Capital Offices ) ( Master of the Western Capital Offices ) , and then he was given the name of Ukyo no daibu ( Master of the Western Capital Offices ) .
He was a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) , and after the death of his father , he served as a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) and a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) , and was promoted to Dainagon ( chief councilor of state ) in the Meiji period .
The reason why he was given the title of Baron was that he was given an important position by the Imperial Court , and that he had a close relationship with the Imperial Court , and that he had a close relationship with the Imperial Court , and that he was the first son of Emperor Meiji , who had a close relationship with the Imperial Court , and that he had a close relationship with the Ouchi clan , who had a close relationship with him , and that he had a close relationship with the Imperial Court in Kyoto , he was given the posthumous Buddhist name of ' Doctor of Music ' by Emperor Meiji .
Mt . Hiei is located in the border between Kyoto and Fukui Prefectures .
It is located at the foot of Mt . Funaoka in Kita Ward , Kyoto City , and at the foot of Mt . Funaoka in Ukyo Ward , Kyoto City .
It is located in Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture .
Kumano Sanzan ( three major shrines , Kumano-Hongu-Taisha , Kumano-Hayatama-Taisha and Kumano-Nachi-Taisha ) were built in order to pray for victory in the war .
It is located in Higashiyama Ward , Kyoto City .
It is also called Mt . Koya , Mt . Koya , and Mt . Koya .
Summary
Mt . Koya is located in the east of the capital , and it is said that the temple was located in the west of the capital .
The name of the shrine comes from the fact that it is located at the foot of Mt . Miwa in Omi Province and at the foot of Mt . Miwa in Yamato Province .
Kumano Sanzan Kengyo ( the title of the official who administered the shrines and temples of Kumano ) , which was the origin of Shugendo ( Japanese mountain asceticism-shamanism incorporating Shinto and Buddhist concepts ) , was transferred to Kumano Sanzan ( three major shrines of Kumano ) by the order of the Emperor , and the temple became a branch temple of Shugendo ( Japanese mountain asceticism-shamanism incorporating Shinto and Buddhist concepts ) .
The temple is located on the east side of Mt . Hiei , and the temple is also known as a place to pray for the safety of the nation and the prosperity of the nation .
It is located at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , and at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , it is located at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , and at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , it is also located at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , and at the north end is also located at the north end of the area of the city .
In addition to the above , there were many people who went to the Imperial Palace and temples in the east of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) during the Edo period , including those who went to the Imperial Palace , and those who went to the Imperial Palace to visit the Imperial Palace .
It is located on the east side of Kyoto Prefectural Road 38 , and is also known as Lake Biwa Canal .
There are also many people who visit the mountain on New Year 's Holidays , such as those who get on and off the train , and those who get on and off the train .
There are two types of ' Koyo Paradise ' : one is ' Koyo Paradise , ' which was built in front of the gate of the temple , and the other is ' Koyo Paradise , ' which was built in front of the gate of the temple , and the other is ' Koyo Paradise . '
On the other hand , the Kyoto Nishikyogoku Comprehensive Sports Park was built on the east side of the station on the west side of the station on January 14 , 1950 .
Mt . Koya
Mt . Hiei is also known as Mt . Hiei and Mt . Hiei , and the name of this mountain is derived from the fact that Mt . Hiei was a branch temple of Todai-ji Temple .
It is also known as ' Mt . Hiei , ' but it is also known as ' Mt . Hiei . '
It is located in Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture , and it is located on the border between Kyoto and Shiga Prefectures .
Mt . Hiei is located in the east of the temple , but it is said that it was originally located in the west of the city of Osaka , and that it was also located in the east of the temple .
Cable Sakamoto Station on the Eizan Main Line of the Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . , is located at the foot of the mountain .
For example , in the case of ' Mt . Oe ' in the case of ' Mt . Oe ' in the case of ' Mt . Oe ' in the case of ' Mt . Oe ' in the case of ' Mt . Oe ' in the case of ' Mt . Oe ' in the case of ' Mt . Oe ' in the case of ' Mt . Oe ' in the case of ' Mt . Oe ' in the case of ' Mt . Oe ' in the case of ' Mt . Oe ' in the case of ' Mt . Oe ' in the case of ' Nishi ' in the case of ' Mt . Oe ' in the case of ' Mt . Oe ' in the case of ' Mt . Oe ' in the case of ' Mt . Oe ' in the case of ' in the case of ' in the case of ' in the case of ' in the case of ' in the case of ' in the case of ' in the case of ' in the case of ' in
The temple is also known as Mt . Koya , and its sango ( literally , " mountain name " ) , which is the title prefixed to the name of a Buddhist temple , is Mt . Koya , and its honorific mountain prefix is Mt . Koya , which is the title given to a Buddhist temple .
Features
Mt . Hiei
It is a long and narrow road connecting the two areas of Lake Biwa and Lake Biwa .
It is also known as Mt . Hiei and Mt . Hiei .
Access
Hieizan Cable Cable Railway ( Sakamoto Cable Cable Cable Railway )
Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . ( Kurama Cable Railway Co . , Ltd . )
Eizan Electric Railway Co . , Ltd .
Mt . Hiei Bus
Kyoto Prefectural Road 22 , Kyoto Prefectural Road 22 , Kyoto Prefectural Road 38
By bus : Get off at the bus stop , Mt . Hiei and walk .
Keihan Bus Co . , Ltd . , Keihan Bus Co . , Ltd .
Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . ( Kyoto City Bus ) : bound for Arashiyama via Arashiyama
TV Asahi TV stations
Kyoto City , Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture
The reason why the Nara Kotsu Bus Co . , Ltd . , used to make a stop is that it is difficult for people to get on and off the train .
Goro Sky Tower
This was broadcast on November 1 , 2001 .
Tower : A set of vending machines
Notes
The Kyoto Broadcasting System Company Limited , Inc . , operates its own TV programs and TV programs , and the Osaka Broadcasting System Company ( NHK Broadcasting System ) operates its own TV programs and TV programs , and the Osaka Broadcasting System Co . , Ltd . , and the Osaka Broadcasting System Co . , Ltd . , and the Osaka Broadcasting System Co . , Ltd . , and the Nankai Broadcasting System Co . , Ltd . , which operates its own TV programs .
The station is located in Osaka Prefecture , and it is also the only station that can be said to be visited by many people .
Route 11
During the Edo period , the Nakasen-do Road ran from Osaka to Kyoto via Nakasen-do Road and Nakasen-do Road .
This section describes the details of the events .
Hiroshige UTAGAWA 's " Hiroshige UTAGAWA " ( Hiroshige UTAGAWA 's Hiroshige UTAGAWA ) is exhibited at the museum .
It is a vending machine made of glass .
For details , please refer to the section of " The Second World " .
Nakasen-do Road : The main route of the route that ran in the Edo period was referred to as the ' route of the Nakasen-do Road . '
In addition , there are many places where people enjoy viewing cherry blossoms and cherry blossoms in the area , and there are also areas where people enjoy viewing cherry blossoms and cherry blossoms in the area .
In Kyoto , the name of the street comes from the fact that there are many cases where the name of the street is changed from the route to the route to the route to the route to the route to Kyoto .
The official names of provinces are shown below .
The number of people who take care of the station is 1 .
* These days , it is a system of local government that is operated by a city .
Nihonbashi ( Chuo Ward , Tokyo )
1 . The site of the residence of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA in Shinagawa Ward , Tokyo
The location of his residence ( Shinagawa Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
The location : Shimonoseki City , Kanagawa Prefecture ( Tanabata Matsuri )
The location : Sakura City , Kanagawa Prefecture ( Tanabata Matsuri )
7 . Cherry blossoms ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Sendai City , Miyagi Prefecture ( 3 days old )
Mt . Koya ( Minami Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
27 . Dazaifu Tenmangu Shrine ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Odawara City ( Odawara Tanabata Matsuri )
Route 27 : Bound for Koga City , Tochigi Prefecture ( via Shima City )
Shitenno-ji Temple ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Numazu City ( Shizuoka Prefecture )
Route 27 : Bound for Shizuoka ( present-day Shizuoka City )
Early April : Festival ( held in Sakura City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
Ogaki City , Gifu Prefecture ( Present Ogaki City ) - Ogaki City ( Present Ogaki City )
The site of the castle : Fuchu City , Musashi Province ( Present Naka Ward , Tokyo )
Early April : ( Saturday ) Sakura City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( Present Naka Ward )
Hamamatsu City ( Hamamatsu City , Aichi Prefecture ) *
Hamamatsu City ( Hamamatsu City ) : Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City
11 . Summer : Summer ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
11 . Early Edo Period : Takayama Town , Sado County , Sado County , Shizuoka Prefecture
Route 35 : Naka Ward , Yokohama City , Shizuoka Prefecture
35 . Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( 26 )
Early April : Spring Spring ( Minami Ward , Yokohama City , Hyogo Prefecture )
Route 35 : Bound for Mt . Koya ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
Early April : Annual spring ( Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
Late April : Autumn Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
Late April : Autumn Matsuri Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
The location : Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( at the end of Edo period )
Ogaki City , Gifu Prefecture , castle town
Sado City , Sado City , Shimane Prefecture ( 42 km )
Route 27 : Bound for Kanazawa City ( Toyama Prefecture )
Late April : Matsuri Festival ( Nagaoka City , Fukui Prefecture )
Higashi Koya-kaido Road ( Minami Ward , Nagoya City )
Mt . Atago ( Maizuru City , Kyoto Prefecture )
Route 27 : Bound for Mt . Inari ( Minami Ward , Nagoya City )
The third act : Mt . Atago ( Kita Ward , Osaka City )
Aichi Prefecture ( 25 years old )
Picture : Mt . Atago ( Gifu City ) * *
Late April : Aza Ono , Naka Ward , Nagoya City , Aichi Prefecture
35 . Hamamatsu City ( Aichi Prefecture )
Naka Ward , Yokohama City ( Higashi Ward , Yokohama City )
Route 55 : Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture ( Mie Prefecture )
Itsukushima-jinja Shrine ( Katano City , Osaka Prefecture )
Seki City ( Mie Prefecture ) : Spring Matsuri Matsuri ( Spring Festival ) *
Route 35 : Uji City , Osaka Prefecture ( Rokujizo City )
Location : Aza Yamada , Hino Town , Naka County , Mie Prefecture ( present Ono Town , Gifu Prefecture )
Location : Aza Higashi , Minami Ward , Sakai City ( Minami Ward , Osaka City )
Sakamoto ( Koka City , Shiga Prefecture )
Hikone City , Shiga Prefecture , castle town
The site of the former residence of the Satsuma Domain ( located in Nishi Ward , Kobe City , Hyogo Prefecture )
Route 22 : Maibara City , Shiga Prefecture
Otsu City ( Otsu City ) : 11 km
Nijo Ohashi Bridge ( Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture )
It is said that the temple was founded by a Buddhist monk of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , and that the temple 's name was changed to ' Dojo-ji Temple , ' which was located in the vicinity of Mt . Koya , and that the temple 's name was changed to ' Dojo-ji Temple ' because it was located in the vicinity of Mt . Koya , which was located in the northeast of the capital of Kyoto , and that the temple 's name was changed to ' Seiryo-ji Temple . '
In the same year , he was in charge of the construction of Fushimi-jo Castle ( Kyoto Prefecture ) .
It is also called the Old Tokaido Road or the Old Nakasen-do Road .
The route from Kyoto to Mt . Koya was changed to the route from Mt . Koya to Mt . Koya , and to the route from Kyoto to Mt . Koya via Mt . Koya was changed to the route from the route from the route to the route to the route to the route to the route to the south from the castle .
The province was divided into two types .
It was the first province in Japan .
The names of the places where they used to live are as follows :
Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City ( Tokaido Road )
Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City ( Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City )
35 Oyamazaki , Minami Ward , Osaka City , Osaka Prefecture
Route 35 : Bound for Osaka ( Minami Ward , Osaka City )
Higashi Koya-kaido Road ( Osaka City , Osaka Prefecture )
It is located at the border between Settsu Province and Izumi Province ( at the end of the same year ) , at the border between Izumi Province and Izumi Province ( at the present Osaka Prefecture ) .
The author of " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) was a female writer who lived in the Heian period .
According to the " Shin Heike Monogatari " ( The Tale of the Heike ) , it was written in the same style as the one in the old style , and the one in the old style was made in the same way as the one in the old style , and the one in the old style was made in the same way as the one in the old style , and the one in the old style was made in the same style as the one in the old style .
Also known as " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) .
It was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) style , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) style , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
It is a collection of essays written by KAMO no Chomei , and it is also called " The Tale of Genji " or " The Tale of Genji . "
In addition , in the early part of the book , there is a description that says that ' there is no doubt about the nature of the character of the character of the character of the character of the character of the character of the character of the character of the character of the character of the character of the character in the book is the same as that of the character of the character of the character of the character of the character of the character of the character in the book in the book . '
It is said that , when he was serving at the Imperial Palace , he was asked by FUJIWARA no Michinaga , who was the Chugu no suke ( Assistant Master of the Consort 's Household ) , and when he was serving at the Imperial Palace , he answered , ' I am going to the Imperial Palace , ' and when I went to the Imperial Palace , he was asked by FUJIWARA no Michinaga , who was the Udaijin ( Minister of the Right ) , but it is not known whether this is true or not , ' and when he was in the position of Chunagon ( vice-councilor of state ) , he wrote " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , the diary of FUJIWARA no Yukinari .
It is said that the two books were lost in the fire , and the two books of " Makura no Soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) and " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) were added to the two books of " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) and " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , and the two books of " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) were added to the two books of " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) and " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) .
It is said that the word ' Kosode ' was used in the chapter of ' Makura no soshi . '
The book is a collection of essays and essays by researchers and researchers and researchers , and it is also known as " The Tale of Genji , " " The Tale of Genji , " " The Tale of Genji , " and so on .
The following is a list of the main characters .
In the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) , it is written as ' if there is no water , you will not be able to be able to see if there is no water . '
The main part is written in the style of books , such as books , books and so on .
The first part of the sutra .
An inscription .
Various theories
However , it is not certain whether this is true or not .
In addition , the word ' Kosode ' appeared in " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , a book written by Murasaki Shikibu .
It is said that he was promoted to the rank of Shosanmi ( Senior Third Rank ) after the death of FUJIWARA no Teika in 1189 .
It is said that he passed away at the age of 80 in the same year .
For example , " Genji Monogatari " ( The Tale of Genji ) , which was written by Murasaki Shikibu in the Muromachi period , contains the following descriptions :
It is relatively small .
It consists of two volumes .
It was written by FUJIWARA no Teika in 1200 .
It is said that the number of the letters ' o ' ( to make a sound ) was the same as that of the previous ' o ' ( to make a sound ) .
The text was written by Kikan IKEDA .
The first half of the book was published in the form of ' The Tale of Genji , ' and the second half was published in the form of ' The Tale of Genji , ' and the fourth half was published in the form of ' The Tale of Genji , ' and the fourth half was published in the form of ' The Tale of Genji . '
The story is as follows :
The Imperial Household Archives , Book stock owned by the Imperial Household Archives
It consists of two volumes .
Old genealogy of the Sanjonishi family in the possession of the Museum of Japanese History , and old manuscript copy of the manuscript of the Sanjonishi family in the possession of the Yomei Library
He was the husband of FUJIWARA no Hoshi , who was the daughter of KI no Tsurayuki , and it is said that he was the husband of Murasaki Shikibu .
It was made in the late Kamakura period .
It is said that the number of volumes in total was 60 , and that the original version of the text was written in the same way as the original version .
It consists of twenty volumes in total .
Story line
It is a form of Shinto ritual .
It was made in the Muromachi period .
It is said that he had a dream in which he wrote a letter to the chief priest of Daitoku-ji Temple and wrote a letter to his father in his own handwriting .
It is one volume .
The contents of the story are as follows :
The Diary of Izumi Shikibu
It was written by Emperor Gomurakami .
It is held by the Imperial Household Agency .
It consists of one volume .
Two different colors are used .
It is sometimes called a " V . "
It consists of one volume .
It consists of two volumes .
It consists of three volumes .
It consists of three volumes .
Volume 6
It is a form of Shinto ritual .
The Maeda family in Kanazawa , Kanazawa , and others are designated as national treasures .
In addition , the " Murasaki Shikibu Nikki " ( The Diary of Lady Murasaki ) contains a picture of a black lacquered box decorated with gold dust .
Important cultural property .
It was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in the early Kamakura period , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
" Gunsho ruiju " ( Collection of historical documents compiled by Hokiichi HANAWA ) , " Gunsho ruiju " ( Collection of historical documents compiled by Hokiichi HANAWA ) , and " Gunsho ruiju " ( Collection of historical documents compiled by Hokiichi HANAWA ) were included .
It was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in the early Edo period , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
However , the following year , he was promoted to the chief editor of the first edition of the " Nihon Shoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , which was published in the Meiji period , and the following year , he was promoted to the chief editor of the second edition of the " Nihon Shoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , which was published in 1942 .
In the early part of the book , there is a description in " Zoku Hyakki Shui " ( Continued Collection of Tales Heard , Past and Present ) that , in the early part of the book , there was a picture of a woman wearing a white robe and a folding fan .
The book consists of two volumes , and the book consists of two volumes .
In addition to the above , there is a description in " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) that ' the Emperor was fond of playing the koto ( a long Japanese zither with thirteen strings ) and koto ( a long Japanese zither with thirteen strings ) , ' ' the Emperor was fond of playing the koto ( a long Japanese zither with thirteen strings ) and koto ( a long Japanese zither with thirteen strings ) , ' ' the Emperor was fond of playing the koto ( a long Japanese zither with thirteen strings ) , ' and so on . '
However , the chapter ' Kumogakure ' ( literally , ' the sky ' ) is not included in the chapter ' Kumogakure ' but in the chapter ' Kumogakure ' ( literally , ' the moon ' ) .
It is said that he did not have any major achievements in the field of literature , such as the fact that he had a sexual relationship with the Imperial Court , and the fact that he had a sexual relationship with the Imperial Court in his later years , and that he had a sexual relationship with the Imperial Court , who had a sexual relationship with him , and that he had a sexual relationship with the Imperial Court , who had a sexual relationship with him , in fact , he had a sexual relationship with him , and he had a sexual relationship with him with him in his later years .
He also wrote ' The Tale of Genji , ' which was a collection of poems based on the idea of the separation of Buddhism and Shintoism , and he also wrote ' The Tale of Genji , ' which was a collection of poems based on the nature of a human nature .
Public evaluation
It is a simple and elegant style of poetry , and it is written in a manner that a person who has a deep feeling of dignity and a deep sense of beauty will be able to make a deep impression on people .
It is said that , when the wind blows , the sound of the wind blows , the sound of the wind blows , and the sound of the wind blows , but the sound of the wind is different from that of the string .
In addition to the above , the word ' manga ' is used to refer to the paintings that were created in the early summer , and the word ' manga ' is used to refer to the songs that were produced in the summer , and to the works that were produced in the summer , such as the works that were produced in the summer , the works that were produced in the summer , and the works that were produced in the summer , such as the works that were produced in the summer , and the works that were produced in the summer , such as the works of ' manga ' ( comic tanka poems ) and ' manga ' ( comic tanka poems ) , which were produced in the summer .
Teishi gave birth to an Imperial Prince .
It is said that he did not get along well with his father , FUJIWARA no Michinaga , when he was twenty years old .
It is not clear when he became a priest , but it is also said that he was not included in " Okagami " ( the Great Mirror ) .
It is said that the Emperor , who was in power at the time , had a love affair with his wife , Empress Dowager Komyo , in order to make the Emperor feel sorry for the nation .
Public evaluation
It is said that he was surprised by the fact that he was wearing a blue robe and a purple robe .
However , in the case of the case of a marriage , the term ' o ' is used in some cases .
Chugu Gon no taijo ( Provisional Senior Secretary in the Office of the Consort 's Household ) , ' but it is said that she was not included in ' Naishi no suke ' ( a court lady of the first rank ) .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the 13th Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , died in March 1867 .
In the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , there was a case where one of them was allowed to enter the Imperial Palace .
He was awarded the rank of Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) and the title of Sadaijin ( Minister of the Left ) .
He was a member of the Imperial family .
After the death of Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , he was appointed as a member of the shogun 's council of elders .
The following year , he was ordered to return to the Imperial Palace by the Emperor Komei , but he was defeated in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , and the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered by Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , who was the lord of the domain , to return to the Imperial Palace .
After the Meiji Restoration , he had a deep knowledge of Japanese classical literature and became a priest .
He was also known as ' Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ' or ' Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA . '
According to " Kansei Choshu Shokafu " ( genealogies of vassals in Edo bakufu ) , the title of honor was given by the Imperial Court .
He also wrote a book titled ' How to make the best use of your own blood . '
In addition , there is a description that says ' I am born in Nagoya City , and I am born in Nagoya City and raised by the local people . '
In addition , it is said that when he was young , he was asked by his father , who was a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east , ' and he answered , ' I am a descendant of the former lord of the domain , MINAMOTO no Yoritomo . '
In addition , he was given the posthumous name of ' Yoshinobu ' by his father , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
In addition to the above , there are many other theories , such as that ' the origin of the name of the place in which people go to visit ' is that ' the place in which people go to visit ' is that ' the place in which people go to visit ' is that ' the place in which people go to visit ' and ' the place in which people go to visit , ' and that ' the place in which people go to visit ' in which people go back to their lives , and that ' the place in which people go back to their lives . '
In addition , there is a description that says ' I am a person of high rank , but I am not a man of culture , ' which shows that he had a close relationship with the Mori clan , and that he had a close relationship with the Mori clan , who had a close relationship with the Mori clan , and that he had a close relationship with the Mori clan in those days .
He was born as the second son of a feudal retainer of the Owari Domain , Naosuke II on November 27 , 1858 .
His lawful wife was a daughter of Emperor Gomizunoo , and he was the second consort of the Emperor .
There is a theory that his mother was a concubine of Iemitsu TOKUGAWA , and he had a son named Kojiro HOTTA .
His childhood name was Goro .
When he was nine years old , he was asked by his father to serve as the chief retainer of the Mito Domain , but he declined the offer because of the pressure from the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and he was called ' the father of the lord of the domain , ' ' the lord of the domain , and he later became the lord of the domain .
It is said that he had no children , but he was adopted by Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the domain , and became the heir of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
On January 27 , 1864 , he was adopted by the Tokugawa family and became the lord of the domain ( according to a theory , he lived in Kyoto ) .
On the same day , he was given the family name of Matsudaira by the Emperor and became the lord of the domain .
In addition , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his older brother , Masahiro ABE , but he did not go to the capital ( Kyoto ) because he was the lord of the domain .
In the same year , he was promoted to the rank of Junii ( Junior Second Rank ) , and in the same year , he was assassinated by his uncle , Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , and in the same year , he became the successor to the position of Shogun ( however , there is also a theory that he died young ) .
In the same year , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Echizen Domain , was ordered by his older brother , Iesada TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Kaga Domain , to take care of him , and he was also involved in the compilation of the book .
In the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his foster father , and in the following year , 1858 , he was ordered to take over the position of the head of the family of the Abe clan from his older brother , Naosuke II , who was the lord of the domain , and he was appointed as the lord of the domain ( however , there is also a theory that he was not involved in the assassination of his older brother , Naosuke II ) .
In the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) ( according to " The History of Japan , " by Naosuke KUJO ) .
In the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the order of Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , and then he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the lord of the domain , Yoshinaga MATSUDAIRA , who was the lord of the domain , and he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) .
However , he was not allowed to return to secular life because of his illness , so he was called ' the vice shogun ' or ' the lord of the domain . '
In 1861 , he was pardoned .
In the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , and in the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by the lord of the domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU ( the lord of the Satsuma domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU ) .
On March 18 , he was appointed as a member of the House of Peers by the recommendation of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
In the same year , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered the restoration of the Imperial Palace and the establishment of the new government , and the lord of the domain , Katamori MATSUDAIRA , was appointed as roju ( member of Council of State ) .
In the same year , he went up to Kyoto with his father , Emperor Komei , and was appointed as a member of the Shogun 's council of elders .
When the Emperor was in power , he went to the Imperial Palace to pray for the recovery of the Emperor and the expulsion of foreigners , but he was not allowed to enter the Imperial Palace because he was concerned about the situation ( according to the " History of Japan , " it is said that the Emperor was Emperor Komei ) .
On January 18 , 1863 , he was appointed as a member of the House of Peers by Emperor Komei , and he was involved in the plan to overthrow the Shogunate , but he was forced to leave the government and join the movement to overthrow the Shogunate .
However , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by the order of the Emperor , and he also had a close relationship with the lord of the domain , Sanetomi SANJO , and also he had a close relationship with the lord of the domain , Takayoshi KIDO , with whom he had a close relationship with ; therefore , he was forced to leave the domain with the lord of the domain , Takayoshi KIDO , and he was forced to leave the domain ( according to the article for the same day in " Gyokuyo " [ Diary of Kanezane KUJO ] ) .
He was appointed as Kyoto shugoshoku ( Military governor of Kyoto ) and Kyoto shoshidai ( The Kyoto deputy ) , but later he surrendered to the new government and became the lord of the domain , and then he became the lord of the domain ( later , the lord of the domain , Katamori MATSUDAIRA ) .
In the meantime , he was ordered to kill himself with a sword by the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) led by his father , and he was ordered to kill himself by the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) led by Shintaro NAKAOKA and others .
In the following year , 1864 , he fought against the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) led by Kinmochi SAIONJI at the Battle of Toba-Fushimi .
In the following year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , but he was forced to resign from the post due to the coup d 'etat and returned to the Imperial Court .
In the following year , 1864 , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to go to the front with the troops of the Choshu clan , but he was defeated in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi .
However , the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was defeated by the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) led by Kinmochi SAIONJI , and returned to the domain .
After the Battle of Sekigahara , he was exiled to Sado Province on March 24 , 1600 .
In the same year , the Emperor issued an imperial edict to expel the foreigners , and the following year , he returned to Kyoto .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , who succeeded to the headship of the family , died suddenly .
On the same day , the Tokugawa family was restored to the position of Shogun .
After the death of Emperor Komei , he was assigned to be a member of the Gotairo ( Council of Five Elders ) on the same day , and was appointed as a member of the Council of State on the same day .
This was because he had a good reputation for the bakufu .
In the same year , he was ordered to go to France , France , France , France , and the United States , and he was appointed to the chief of staff of the navy department of the navy department of the navy and navy , and then he was appointed to the chief of staff of the navy department of the navy .
He went to France to study under his father , and then he was appointed to the chief retainer of the Kishu Domain .
It is said that the Emperor ordered the establishment of the new government .
On January 24 , 1864 , he was ordered by Emperor Komei to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) , but he refused the offer because of the political pressure from the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ( ' Taisei Hokan ' ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) .
It is said that this was because the Imperial Court was afraid that the Tokugawa Shogunate would take control of the government and that the Imperial Court would be able to keep the real power of the government .
However , in March of the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by Emperor Komei , and in the same year , he was ordered to go to the post of Udaijin ( Minister of the Right ) , and then he was ordered to go to the front line by Emperor Komei .
In response to this , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , who was the lord of the domain , tried to make peace with the Imperial Court , but failed and went back to Kyoto with his own troops .
In 1868 , he went to the front of the Imperial Palace and fought against the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , and then he moved to the residence of the Satsuma Domain .
On the other hand , he was ordered to take part in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , but he was defeated in the Battle of Toba and Fushimi on the way to the capital ( Kyoto ) and died on the same day .
After the surrender of the castle , the Emperor and the Imperial Prince had a meeting with each other in front of the gate of the Imperial Palace .
In response to this , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the domain , raised an army .
In March of the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the order of Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA .
He succeeded to the family name of Matsudaira and became the family head of the Hitotsubashi family .
In the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his father , but he was defeated by the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the order of the lord of the domain , Nariaki TOKUGAWA .
In August , he was transferred to Edo and became the lord of Owari Domain .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ( the lord of Mito Domain )
Chief retainer of the Matsudaira family ( Mito Matsudaira family )
Ansei no Taigoku ( suppression of extremists by the Shogunate ) , by Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA
Shugo ( Military Governor ) of Mino Province
Chief retainer of the Matsudaira family ( Mito Domain )
Shinzaburo ( also known as Shiro )
Takeo NAKAJIMA
Hanzo MATSUDAIRA
In January 1869 , he returned to his hometown during the Boshin War .
After that , he lived in poverty , and he was fond of literature , and he was fond of reading , writing , writing , and writing .
In 1899 , he moved to Tokyo .
In the following year , he went to the Imperial Palace of Emperor Meiji , and in the following year , he went back to his hometown .
In 1868 , he was raised to the peerage and became the head of the family .
In 1947 , he returned to secular life and took over as head of the family .
He died in 1934 .
He died at the age of 24 on the same day .
* Dates are based on the old lunar calendar .
In 1847
He succeeded to the head of the family on November 9 .
On January 12 , 1867 , he was given the name of " Iemochi . "
He was awarded the rank of Jusanmi ( Junior Third Rank ) , and appointed as Sakone gon no chujo ( Provisional Middle Captain of the Left Division of Inner Palace Guards ) .
On January 18 , 1849 , he married a daughter of Sadaijin ( minister of the left ) Masahiro TAKATSUKASA .
He was Sangi ( councillor ) .
In 1858 , he became the successor of Iesada TOKUGAWA .
In December of the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
He retired in October 1864 .
1862
He succeeded to the headship of the family on November 9 .
On March 18 , he was appointed as Sessho ( regent ) .
January 28 : He was transferred to Gon Chunagon ( provisional vice-councilor of state ) .
In December of the same year , he was appointed as Naidaijin ( Minister of the Center ) .
1864
On March 24 , he resigned from the position of Nairan .
On March 18 , he resigned from the position of Sessho .
On March 28 , he was assigned to the post of Governor of Owari Province , and was assigned to the post of Commander of the left flank .
He fought in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi .
1866
On February 24 , he was transferred to Kyoto shoshidai .
He succeeded to the family name of Tokugawa .
January 28 : He was promoted to Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) and served as Gon Dainagon ( provisional chief councilor of state ) .
On the same day , he was appointed as seii taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) .
1867
He was transferred to Naidaijin ( minister of the center ) in December .
Retained his position as Ukone no daisho .
Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to Emperor )
On January 18 , he resigned from the position of Seii Taishogun .
On January 18 , 1864 , he was dismissed from the post .
He was dismissed on December 24 , 1869 .
January 7 , 1869 : Promoted to Junii ( Junior Second Rank ) .
He was promoted to Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) on February 26 , 1897 .
He was promoted to Juichii ( Junior First Rank ) on February 24 , 1907 .
He died in Tokyo Prefecture on November 12 , 1888 .
On January 24 , 1868 , he was appointed as Emperor Meiji 's first president .
He was given the title of marquis on April 16 , 1901 .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the family head of the Matsudaira family , was given the title of ' King of Japan . '
In December of the ninth year of the Jogan era ( 810 )
1908
He was awarded the rank of Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) and became a member of the House of Peers on New Year 's Day .
He retired on December 28 , 1863 .
He died at the age of 75 on February 26 , 1903 .
He was posthumously awarded the Grand Cordon of the Order of the Rising Sun .
He was a master of Japanese archery , and he was also a master of art of warfare , and he was also a master of art of spearmanship , which was the origin of today 's art of warfare .
He was also a master of Japanese archery at first , but later he devoted himself to the development of new techniques .
He was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the order of his father , however , he was rejected by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) because he was afraid that he might be involved in the assassination of his older brother , and he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
It is said that when he was asked by his master , he answered , ' I am going to fight with each other , ' and when he was attacked and killed , he said , ' I am going to fight with each other . '
It is said that the reason why he died was that he was the only person that he was allowed to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by the order of his father , Emperor Meiji .
It is said that he went to the Imperial Palace when he was six years old , but he did not get along with him .
When he was young , he went to the capital with his older brother , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , and was given a special treatment , and he was also given a special treatment for his loyalty to the Emperor by saying , ' You should not be able to keep a good relationship with the nation ' ( according to the " Dainihonshi " [ Great history of Japan ] ) .
Yodo YAMAUCHI , who was the lord of the Tosa domain , was also a person who was against the policy of ' Sonno Joi ' ( 19th century slogan advocating reverence for the Emperor and the expulsion of foreigners ) .
I am going to have a chance to go to the capital . '
Ryoma SAKAMOTO , who was a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east , ' is said to have been involved in this incident .
It is not necessary to make a lot of money .
He was promoted to the post of Shogun , but he was forced to resign from the post because of his illness .
However , after the death of Emperor Meiji , he is said to have been a member of the Shinsengumi ( a group who guarded Kyoto during the end of Tokugawa Shogunate ) .
Ryoma SAKAMOTO , who lived in the Meiji period , was not included in this list , and it is said that he died in the same year .
In the meantime , he was attacked by the army of Tokugawa in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi and committed suicide by disembowelment .
It is said that when he was young , he went to the front with his wife and children , but it is said that he did not go to the front because of the pressure from Ieyasu .
However , since there was a rumor that the Tokugawa shogunate would not allow them to enter into the castle , the Tokugawa shogunate army , which had a strong influence on the surrounding areas , and the two domains , namely Satsuma , Osumi and Osumi Provinces , were in a difficult situation where they were able to take advantage of the situation .
It is said that the reason why he became a priest was that he was not only a member of the Imperial Family but also a member of the Imperial Family who had a close relationship with the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , but also a member of the Imperial Family who had a close relationship with the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and that the reason why he was involved in the incident was that ' he was not a member of the Imperial Family , but also a member of the Imperial Family , ' and that he had a close relationship with the Imperial Family , and that ' he was involved in the incident of the assassination of Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Taruhito . '
In the end of the Edo period , it was decided that the Tokugawa family would be able to keep up with the situation , and that the Tokugawa family would be able to keep up with the national isolation policy of the new government .
In the Meiji period , he became a member of the House of Peers , and he became a member of the Shinsengumi ( a group who guarded Kyoto during the end of Tokugawa Shogunate ) .
In the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) together with his elder brother , Kaoru INOUE .
In addition , there is a passage in the " Journal of Historical Records . "
It is said that the contents of the letter were almost the same as those of the above mentioned , and the contents of the letter were almost the same as those of the letter .
It is said that the reason why he became a priest was that he was not only because of his father 's intention , but also because of his loyalty and filial piety , and also because of his loyalty to the Emperor , he was called ' the king of Japan ' ( ' the king of Japan ' ) .
It is said that the second volume of " Dainihonshi " ( Great history of Japan ) , which was written by Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , was lost .
The following year , Emperor Meiji ordered his mother , Princess Kazunomiya , to make her Imperial Consort 's bridal entry into the priesthood , and this was the beginning of the Meiji government .
In addition , there was a case in which the head priest of the Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) was buried in the graveyard of the Zojo-ji Temple in Ueno , Tokyo , where the head priest of the Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) was buried .
The Emperor was also said to have been Emperor Komei 's Prince .
After the death of his father , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) , but he said , ' I am not going to do so ' and he was ordered to do so by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and he was ordered to do so by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) .
After the Battle of Sekigahara , there was a theory that says that ' if we look back on the historical fact , you will not be able to get rid of the real world ' and that he was involved in the conflict between the two countries , namely Kyoto and Osaka , and that he was involved in the conflict between the two countries .
He was a relative of the Matsudaira family , and he was a vassal of the Matsudaira family , but he was killed in a sword fight .
At the same time , he had a lot of knowledge about Japanese , including English , English , English , and German , and had a chance to go to the front in order to get rid of the disease , so he became a member of the committee of the committee and made a lot of achievements including the development of new rice fields and the development of new fields .
It is said that he had a lot of knowledge about how to make a sound .
He was not so popular as a professional writer at that time .
It is said that , when he was a member of the House of Peers , he was asked to write a draft of the original manuscript of the original manuscript of the original manuscript of the written by Ryotaro SHIBA and others , and he was buried in the residence of Kaoru INOUE .
He was a younger brother of Mitsukuni TOKUGAWA .
He was born as the second son of Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Taruhito on January 18 , 1849 .
He died at the age of 85 on January 6 , 1849 , and his real father , Daisuke , was also a farmer .
After the death of her husband , she was treated as a lady in the same way as a woman in the Edo period , and after that , she was treated as a lady in the same way as a woman in the Meiji period .
He had two sons , Imperial Prince Kitashirakawanomiya Yoshihisa , and Imperial Prince Fushiminomiya Kuniie , and he was raised to the peerage as a result of the achievement of his father , Imperial Prince Kitashirakawanomiya Yoshihisa .
She was the wife of Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Takahito and the wife of Imperial Prince Takahito .
He was born as the second son of Gon Dainagon ( provisional chief councilor of state ) Masamichi TAKATSUKASA , and his mother was Nobuko ( daughter of Morisada NIJO ) on April 16 , 1849 .
His wife was Masako ( a daughter of Tadayoshi TODA , a feudal retainer of the Owari clan ) , and his second wife was Sadako NAKAYAMA .
The third son : SHO ( died on April 26 , 1895 )
He was born as the eldest son of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , and died on April 27 , 1903 .
December 27 , 1902 : The first daughter of Emperor Meiji , Princess Kazunomiya , married into the family .
April 12 , 1864 : The first son of Masahiro MAKINO , who had the title of Ukyo no suke ( Assistant Master of the Western Capital Offices ) , and the third son of Masayoshi IKEDA .
The tenth son : SHO ( died on October 24 , 1945 )
Second daughter : Princess Masako ( December 26 , 1871 - August 26 , 2000 )
Imperial Prince Fushimi Sadanaru ( December 12 , 1864 - January 27 , 1931 ) was the ninth prince of Emperor Showa and his mother was Princess Noriko .
The tenth son : SHO ( born in October , 1868 , died in October , 1945 )
The 11th daughter : Masako TOKUGAWA ( December 26 , 1868 - April 16 , 2000 )
December 12 , 1865 : He was adopted by his father and the 12th head of the family ( his salary was 10 yen ) .
His oldest son was Kiyoshi KATAOKA ( the fourth son ) .
Third son : Makoto SAITO ( April 26 , 1855 - April 24 , 1938 )
The third son : SHO Tai ( born on April 24 , 1895 , died on April 24 , 1895 )
The tenth son : SHO ( born in 1868 , died on May 16 , 1943 )
The third son : SHO ( April 26 , 1852 - April 26 , 1938 )
Second son : Imperial Prince Fushimi Sadanaru ( December 12 , 1850 - April 16 , 1931 ) , and Third Order of Merit
The eighth daughter : Masako ( born in August , 1930 - died on July 26 , 1993 )
Fourth son : Tadateru MATSUDAIRA ( December 27 , 1864  December 27 , 1993 )
The fourth daughter : Princess Yoshiko ( December 26 , 1864 - April 26 , 1974 ) was a member of the Imperial family .
Second daughter : Princess Masako ( October 28 , 1864 - December 27 , 2000 ) was a member of the House of Peers .
August 1 , 1873 : He died .
The tenth son : SHO Tai ( died on May 24 , 1945 )
The ninth son : Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ( October 12 , 1905  December 24 , 1945 )
On January 18 , 1873 , he was demoted from nobility to subject .
Concubine ( wife of Iesada TOKUGAWA )
Novels
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , " The Last Shogun of the Tokugawa Shogunate , Vol . 2 "
" The Last Shogun Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA "
Film films
Acted by Kazuo HASEGAWA " Year 2000 , by TV Productions . "
TV dramas
" NHK Taiga Drama " ( NHK Taiga Drama ) , played by Ryotaro SHIBA
" The Last Man in the Year " written by Ryotaro SHIBA , Shochiku Co . , Ltd . ( 1960 )
" Onmyoji " ( NHK Taiga Drama ) , played by Ryotaro SHIBA
" Onmyoji " ( NHK Taiga Drama ) : Ken WATANABE ( NHK Taiga Drama )
Acted by Ryotaro SHIBA " Bakumatsu " ( New Year 's Theater ) Year 2006 , by TV Asahi .
" Onna " ( Woman ) ( 1955 , Shochiku Co . , Ltd . ) directed by Minoru MURATA
" Samurai " ( Samurai drama series ) ( directed by Koji SUZUKI , portrayed by TV Asahi )
" Shin ga Tsuji " ( The True Historical Drama ) written by Ryotaro SHIBA , Year 2006 , portrayed by Ryotaro SHIBA
" Samurai " ( TV drama series ) directed by Ryotaro SHIBA , starring Ken SUZUKI
" Onmyoji " ( NHK Taiga drama series ) ( 1966 , portrayed by Koji SUZUKI )
" Samurai " ( Samurai drama series ) ( New Year 's period drama series , directed by Ryotaro SHIBA ) , and " The New Year 's Samurai " ( New Year 's Samurai drama series ) ( directed by Hiroyuki KATO )
" NHK Taiga Drama " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Goro SHIBA )
" The Last Sword " ( NHK Taiga Drama ) , played by Kazuo HASEGAWA , played by Shochiku Co . , Ltd .
" The Last Man in the Geisha House " ( written by Hiroyuki KATO , Shochiku Co . , Ltd . ) , written by Hiroyuki KATO , was performed at the end of March , 1930 .
" Samurai " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Kazuo HASEGAWA ) .
" NHK Taiga Drama " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Goro NAKAMURA )
" The Book of the Gods "
Kido ' ( New York ) , written by Yukichi FUKUZAWA
NHK Taiga Drama , " NHK Taiga Drama " ( directed by Ryotaro SHIBA )
...
Kyoto Station , located in Yamashina Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture , is a stop on the Sanin Main Line , which is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
The entire line is included in the Urban Network Area .
The line is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) , but it is also operated by the local trains that arrive at and depart from Kamo Station and arrive at and depart from Platform 1 .
The following is a list of passengers on the Biwako Line .
The name of the museum comes from the fact that the color of the color of the color of the sun is different from that of the sun .
West Japan Railway Company ( railway business operator )
Railway distance ( operating distance ) : 95 km
Track gauge : 160 mm
Number of stations : 6 ( including the starting and final stations )
Kamo Station - JR Kyoto Line / JR Tozai Line
Electrified section : entire line ( direct current 600 V )
Electrified section : Automatic block system ( track automatic block system )
Automatic ticket vending machine : Automatic block system
Operation section : Shin-Osaka General Operation Center
Design speed : 95 km / h
The West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) Fukuchiyama Branch is in charge of the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) , while the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) Kyoto Branch Office is in charge of the West Japan Railway Company 's operation .
The name of the station was given to the Kyoto side of the Nara Line , but it was not given to the Nara side of the line because it was located in the northern part of Kyoto Prefecture .
It was decided that the line would be extended to the east of the Nara Line , and that the line would be extended to the south of the current Nara Station ( Nara Prefecture ) .
Nara Station , located in the south of Nara Station , is a stop on the Nara Line , which is operated by JR West .
June 1 , 1898 : The JR Kyoto Line and the Kintetsu Kobe Line started using this station as their terminal .
Kintetsu Nara Line * the station is also called ' JR Nara Line . '
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 , ' which was the origin of the name ' Biwako Line , ' was used for the first time in Japan .
The Kintetsu Kyoto Line and the Kintetsu Nara Line run through the southern part of the city .
In addition , in the case of Nara Electric Railway ( currently JR West ) , the number of passengers increased to around ten in the period of the Northern and Southern Courts ( Japan ) , and in the case of the Kyoto Municipal Subway ( currently JR West ) , the number of passengers increased to four in the period of the JNR ( from two to four in the period of the Northern and Southern Courts ( Japan ) ) and the number of passengers decreased to four in the period of the JNR ( from two to three in the period of the Northern and Southern Courts ( Japan ) ) .
JR ( West ) Suburban Trains Series 113 , which ran between Kyoto and Kumamoto , and JNR / JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 113 , which ran on the same track , were also replaced with those of ' JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series Suburban Train Series 113 , ' which ran on the same track .
In addition , the area around the station is designated as a national historic site along with the surrounding area of Kyoto City and the surrounding area of Kyoto City .
However , the section between the east and west of the station and the section between the east and west of the station and between the east and west of the station and between the east and west of the station and between the two stations is very crowded .
The station is located in the northern part of Kyoto Prefecture , and the line is operated by West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
PiTaPa ( Surutto KANSAI Association ) , PiTaPa ( Surutto KANSAI Association ) and ICOCA ( Surutto KANSAI Association ) can be used at all stations on the line of JR West .
The ticket gate of the station is located in the south of the station .
In addition , the express trains that stopped at this station were operated between Kyoto and Nara in the morning and evening , and the express trains that stopped at this station were operated between Kyoto and Nara in the evening ( refer to the section of ' Special Rapid Service ' for further details ) .
Local trains are operated between Kyoto and Nara .
It is operated between Uji Station and Platform 4 , and it is operated as a special rapid train .
The nickname of ' Biwako Express ' was given to the people who had a long time ago .
Nara Kotsu Bus Lines Co . , Ltd . , operates a route bus from Kyoto Station to Nara Station .
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 221 , Limited Express Series 207
The maximum speed of the regular railway line is 120 km / h and the maximum speed of the regular railway line is 120 km / h .
The number of passengers per hour from Kyoto Station to Nara Station is approximately 95 .
The trains stop at this station and arrive at and depart from Platform 1 at Kyoto Station , while the trains depart from and arrive at and depart from Platform 2 and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 .
15 minutes walk from the east exit of the station .
History
March 1 , 2001 : The operation started .
March 15 , 2001 : The station was upgraded to a stop at which rapid trains stopped .
It is operated during the morning rush hours .
Uji Station ( JR West ) and Uji Station ( Keihan Main Line ) are located on the same platform .
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 207 is used for local trains and local trains .
It is operated between Uji Station and Platform 4 , and it is operated as a special rapid train .
Rapid trains stop at every station on the Nara Line .
According to the " Engishiki " ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) , it was decided that the trains would be operated between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station , and that the trains would run between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station on the same platform , and that the trains would be operated between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station on the same platform until March 1 , 1969 .
It is operated as a special rapid train bound for Nara via the Sakurai Line .
It is operated during the morning rush hours .
On the other hand , the number of the trains operated during the New Year holidays was reduced to four in the early morning ( from March to March in the same year ) .
Some people say that the rapid trains that stopped at every station between Kyoto Station and Kusatsu Station , and that the rapid trains that stopped at every station from Nara Station to Kusatsu Station are operated as rapid trains .
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 207 is used for all the trains on the Uji Line , except for some trains running on the Uji Line .
Rapid trains run on the inner line during the daytime .
For example , in the case of ' The Chrysanthemum Festival ' held in October of the same year , it was decided that , when the train was operated with the help of the local train , the train would be operated with the help of the local train , but the train would not stop at every station on the same platform , and the train would not stop at every station on the same platform , and the train would be able to stop at every station on the same platform and the train at every station on the same platform .
This platform is used for the trains bound for Uji Station ( JR West ) .
It is operated between Kyoto Station and Tenri Station .
The average daily number of passengers per day was approximately 95 , and the average number of people per hour between Kyoto Station and Kusatsu Station was approximately 95 .
JR ( West ) Commuter Train Series 207 is used for all trains .
Rapid trains run on the inner tracks during the morning rush hour .
On the other hand , it was decided that the Nara Line would be operated on the same platform as the Nara Line , and on the other hand , it was operated on the same platform as the Sakurai Line on the same platform on the same platform on the same platform on the same platform on the same platform on the same platform .
Only local trains stop at this station on the Nara Line .
1949 : The JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 started operating between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station , and the trains that ran between Osaka Station and Amanohashidate Station were called ' Express ( train ) ' and ' Limited Express ( train ) . '
On the other hand , it was decided that the special rapid train would be operated between Kyoto Station and Shimonoseki Station on the JR Nara Line on the timetable revision in March 2006 .
During the daytime , there was a special rapid train that ran between Kyoto and Nara via the JR Tozai Line ( Yamatoji Line ) .
The number of passengers per day in the morning of the same day was increased to two , and in the evening of the same day , it was decided that the trains would depart from and arrive at and depart from Kyoto Station , and in the evening of the same day , the trains would depart from and arrive at and depart from Osaka Station , and in the evening of the same day , the trains would depart from and depart from and arrive at and depart from Kyoto Station .
There are also some trains that arrive at and depart from Platform 4 .
During the New Year holidays , there was a special express train that ran between Kyoto Station and Kusatsu Station , and this train was operated as an express train that ran between Kyoto Station and Shingu Station .
The trains that arrive at and depart from this station came to be operated in the same year .
During the morning rush hours , the train stopped at every station on the Tokaido Main Line , and in the evening rush hour it was introduced as a special rapid train .
On the other hand , the trains of JR West use Platform 1 .
Nara Kotsu Bus Lines Co . , Ltd . , operates two round-trip services a day from the east exit of the station to the east exit of the station on the Nara Line , and from the west exit of the station to the east exit of the station .
The Nara Line is operated by the Keihan Electric Railway Co . , Ltd .
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 207
Train sets of train sets of train sets are used on the JR Tozai Line and JR Tozai Line .
Local trains run on the same track as those of the ' Local ' trains , and they run on the same track as those of the ' Local ' trains that run on the same track as those of the ' Local ' trains .
The train cars of this type are operated with four cars .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 113 is used for local trains and local trains , but it is also used for local trains and local trains .
The cars were transferred from the Osaka Loop Line to the Hanwa Line .
It was a part of Kyoto Prefecture , which was established when the line was extended to the east of the station , and the line was extended to the west of the station .
In the same year , the Tokaido Main Line ( between Kyoto and Fushimi ) and the Sanyo Main Line ( between Osaka and Fushimi ) were opened , but the line was abandoned when the line was opened to traffic by the order of the Emperor Meiji , and the line was changed to the Sanin Main Line ( between Kyoto and Osaka ) .
It was originally a station of the Kyoto Municipal Subway , but later it became a station of the Keihan Electric Railway .
November 12 , 1897 : The station opened as a facility of the Tokaido Main Line between Kyoto Station and Inari Station .
Inari Station commenced operation .
November 12 , 1897 : The station was inaugurated when the section between Kyoto and Nara was opened to traffic .
Fushimi Station opened .
Keihan Kyoto Main Line
November 1 : The line between Iwakura Station and Mukomachi Station opened .
Station 's station opened .
November 1 , 1896 : The line between Shin-Kizu and Shin-Kizu ( opened to traffic ) opened .
JR Tozai Line : Rokujizo Station - Rokujizo Station - Uji Station
November 1 : The line between Kamo and Shin-Kizu ( between Kizu and Shin-Kizu ) was opened .
Shiki Station - Kizu Station - Kizu Station
November 1 : The line between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station opened and the line between Nagoya Station and Nara Station opened .
April 12 : The station opened .
November 1 , 1897 : The station was renamed as Inari Station of the Nara Electric Railway .
April 1 , 1918 : The station opened .
October 1 : The unit of operation distance was shortened from miles to meters ( operation kilometers ) .
October 1 , 1898 : The station became a Nara Railway station as a result of amalgamation .
October 1 , 1907 : The Kansai Railway Company was nationalized .
October 1 , 1897 : The station was inaugurated as a facility of Kyoto City Trams .
October 1 , 1895 : The station was inaugurated as a facility on the Nara Line of the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
November 1 , 1896 : The station opened when the section between Uji and Shin-Kizu was opened .
June 1 , 1897 : The station opened as a facility of the Kyoto Line .
November 1 : The station was abolished .
August 1 , 1918 : The station was abolished .
April 1 , 1896 : The station was opened when the section between Kyobashi and Shin-Kizu was extended to traffic .
June 1 : The line between Kyoto Station and Shin-Kizu Station was opened ( the line between Nagoya Station and Shin-Kizu Station opened ) .
The line between Fukakusa Station and Mukomachi Station opened .
The line between Inari Station and Fushimi Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) became a double line .
- The section between Otani Station and Nagao Station ( freight branch line ) opened .
March 1 , 1896 : The station was relocated to the south side of Kamo Station .
November 1 , 1902 : The station was opened with the opening of the line of the second division .
The line between Kamo Station and Shin-Kizu Station was abolished .
November 1 , 1898 : The line between Omiya Station and Shin-Kizu Station opened .
Fushimi Station was abolished .
April 1 , 1930 : The unit of operation distance was changed from miles to meters ( from miles to meters ) .
November 1 , 1957 : The station was upgraded to a station and moved to a place where the station was located .
November 15 , 1928 : The station opened .
December 12 , 1928 : Hanazono Station commenced operation .
November 1 , 2003 : The station opened .
April 1 , 1949 : The station opened .
April 1 , 1984 : The train was introduced .
October 1 , 1984 : The section between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station was electrified .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113
Tokaido Main Line ( Biwako Line ) and Sanyo Main Line ( Biwako Line )
April 1 , 1987 : The station came to be owned by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) due to the division and privatization of JNR .
Japan Freight Railway Company ( JR West ) also started operations .
March 1 , 2000 : The train operation started .
April 15 , 2002 : The station opened .
It is a stop at Kyoto Station .
July 1 , 2000 : The train schedule was revised .
( JR West ) Suburban Train Series 207 , Rapid Service
April 1 , 1997 : The station was inaugurated as a facility of the Tozai Line .
March 15 , 2000 : The station became a stop at which express trains stop .
April 1 , 2000 : The Uji Line started operating between Uji Station and Uji Station .
It is a station of JR West .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113
March 15 : The rapid express trains began making stops at every station on the line .
March 15 , 2001 : The station became a stop for rapid trains that stopped at every station between Uji Station and Uji Station .
Japan Freight Railway Company ( JR West ) diesel car was abolished .
October 1 , 2000 : The train schedule was changed from the outer line to the outer line .
July 12 , 1977 : The construction of the new building was completed .
October 1 , 2000 : The operation of the Kyoto Line was extended to six cars .
It is said that the entire line of the station was changed to the JR Tozai Line , and that the number of passengers per hour was reduced to less than two per hour between Kyoto Station and Kyotanabe Station .
Keihan Electric Railway Co . , Ltd . , operates two different lines : one is to the east and the other is to the south , to the east , to the south , to the south , to the south , to the south , to the south , to the south , to the east , to the east , to the east , to the east , to the east , to the east , and to the south .
The construction of the line between Kyoto Station and Sonobe Station was completed , and the entire line between Sonobe Station and Sonobe Station was completely abandoned .
Keihan Electric Railway Co . , Ltd . , operates a special express bus that starts from and ends at this station in the early morning of January 30 , 2008 .
The station house of the Osaka Municipal Subway was moved to the south side of the station .
For details , refer to the article of Nara Electric Railway and JR Tozai Line .
This section describes the operation distance from Kyoto Station .
Omiya Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) - Rokujizo Station - Nikenchaya Station - Rokujizo Station - ( operation distance )
This section describes the operation distance from Kyoto Station .
Number of stations : 32 ( including the starting point and terminal station )
Keiji Bypass ( National Route 162 ) : Nantan City , Kyoto Prefecture
Keinawa Expressway is designated as a national highway .
The section of National Route 24 , which is under the control of the Keiji Bypass , is also included in the section of National Route 24 .
From the south of the station , the Meishin Expressway and the Meishin Expressway run from the south to the south in Osaka City .
Meishin Expressway ( Kyoto Prefecture ) : The section between the east and west of the station and the section between the east and west of the station and the section between the east and west of the station and between the east and west of the station and between the east and west are under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Infrastructure , Transport , Transport and Tourism , but the section between the east and west of the station is under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism .
The construction of the Tokaido Main Line and the Kyoto Outer Loop Expressway were completed , and the construction of the section between Kyoto Station and Sonobe Station was completed and the section between Kyoto Station and Sonobe Station was completed .
The section between the east and west of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) is designated as National Route 27 .
The section between the Oyamazaki Interchange and the Oyamazaki Interchange is under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism .
In addition , there is a special route bus service , which is available between the two stations , and the route bus service and the route bus service .
Please refer to the section on ' Keiji Bypass ' for details .
Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture
Oyamazaki-cho , Otokuni-gun , Kyoto Prefecture
Height above sea level : 16 km
Road width : 2 lanes
Design speed : 95 km / h
June 31 , 2000 : The construction of the steam locomotive started .
Shiga Prefecture
Kyoto Prefecture
Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City : Oyamazaki-cho , Otokuni-gun
Meishin Expressway No. 8 Interchange - Meishin Expressway
Meishin Expressway - National Highway 478 Interchange - Meishin Expressway
Oyamazaki Interchange - Oyamazaki Interchange - Oyamazaki Interchange - Meishin Expressway
Keinawa Expressway runs under the street .
There is a plan to build a new facility .
Roads are operated by local municipalities unless otherwise specified .
West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) : Kusatsu Line
( The section between Kyoto Station and Sonobe Station is under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism . )
October 12 , 2000 : The entire line between Kamo and Kizu was opened .
November 1 , 2000 : The entire line was opened .
The construction of the new Shinkansen line was started by the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism .
October 1 , 1898 : The entire line between Oyamazaki Station and Oyamazaki Station opened .
October 1 , 2004 : The station opened .
Fiscal year 2005 : Fiscal year 2005 Average Traffic Volume ( Road Traffic Volume )
Oyamazaki Interchange - Oyamazaki Interchange
The section between the east and west of the station is under construction , and the section between the east and west is under construction for a while .
In the spring of 2008 , the company made a plan to build a new station with a capacity of 20,000 yen .
The section between the east side of the station and the west side of the station is under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism , and the section between the two stations is under the control of the Ministry .
In addition , there are some areas where people can get on and off at the bus stop of the Meishin Expressway and get off at the bus stop of the Meishin Expressway and get off at the bus stop of the Meishin Expressway and at the bus stop of the Meishin Expressway .
The construction of the Tokaido Main Line was planned , but the construction of the line was delayed due to the fact that the track of the Tokaido Main Line was cut off and the track of the Tokaido Main Line was elevated .
The route to the south of the station is a regular route , and the route to the south is a regular route .
In addition , there are some areas where people can get on and off the train without going through , such as the National Route 9 , and the National Route 9 , and so on .
National Route 1 runs through the town .
Meishin Expressway and Meishin Expressway run through it , but it is not possible to get off at the Oyamazaki Interchange of Meishin Expressway .
The section between the Kamo Interchange and the Kamo Interchange opened .
As for the location of the station , there are two routes : one is to the east and the other is to the west , and the other is to the south .
The road is narrow , but the road is narrow because it is easy to carry out the work .
Uji City - Joyo City - Joyo City - Joyo City - Joyo City
Kumiyama Town Office ( Kyoto Prefecture )
The upper side is considered the upper portion is considered the lower portion .
The left is on the left and right side is on the right .
Fiscal year 2005 : Fiscal year 2005 Average Traffic Volume ( Road Traffic Volume )
9 chome , Seika-cho , Soraku-gun
Kumiyama Town Hall - Yawata City Hall
Kizu Regional Development Bureau ( Shiga Prefecture )
Kyoto Prefecture Road No. 8 , Kyoto Road No. 8 , National Road No. 27 , Kyoto Road Road No. 27 , Kyoto Road Road No. 8 .
Kyoto Prefecture Road Public Corporation ( tentative name : Kyoto Prefectural Road 478 Road Public Corporation )
Higashi Hongan-ji Temple ( Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture ) : The temple of Jodo Shinshu sect
Shinshu sect Otani school is one of the schools of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) along with Shinshu sect Otani school and Shinshu sect Otani school .
The formal name is ' Higashi Hongan-ji Temple , ' but it was changed to ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple ' in 1987 .
The name of the street comes from the fact that the street name of ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple ' and ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple ' are also used .
( Refer to the article on the history of Hongan-ji Temple for details )
In 1596 , after the death of Hideyoshi TOYOTOMI , the temple was given the honorific mountain prefix of Nishi Hongan-ji Temple by Imperial order of Emperor Gomizunoo .
The name of the street comes from the fact that the street runs from the east to the west in Higashiyama Ward of Kyoto City to the west in Higashiyama Ward of Kyoto City .
In 1941 , the Jodo Shinshu sect was divided into two groups , one was divided into two groups and the other was divided into two groups .
In the past , the temple 's name was changed to ' Bukko-ji Temple , ' and the temple 's name was changed to ' Bukko-ji Temple , ' and the temple 's name was changed to ' Bukko-ji Temple , ' and the temple 's name was changed to ' Bukko-ji Temple . '
In addition , the name of the branch temple of the Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) is also used as the name of the school .
Refer to the Incident .
In the early-modern times , the temple had a large number of buildings including the main hall , but it was destroyed by fire during the Great Fire of the Tenmei Era , and was designated as a national important cultural property along with the National Museum of Japanese History .
The principal image is Amida Nyorai ( Amitabha Tathagata ) , which was burned down during the Great Fire of the Tenmei era .
The Sanmon gate is one of the three gates in Japan .
The original text is " Color on silk portrait of Shinran Shonin " written by Iwanami Shoten .
It is located in a residential area , and is designated as a World Heritage Site .
He was the present chief priest of Otani University .
National Treasure
Important Cultural Properties
Take the Kyoto City Subway Tozai Line to Kyoto Station .
University
Otani University
Kyoto Koka Women 's University
Osaka Otani University
Junior and Senior High School
Osaka University of Art
Osaka Music School
Osaka Women 's University
Myoren-ji Temple ( Maizuru City )
Kyoto Prefectural First Higher Middle School ( old education system ) was established .
It is abbreviated as ' ki . '
He was the first president of Doshisha University .
In 1871 , he became a professor of Osaka Prefectural University .
This rolling stock was used for the express trains .
1870 : The School of Medicine was renamed as the School of Medicine .
The second temporary teacher training school , Tokyo Imperial University ( closed in 1886 )
In 1886 : The Fourth temporary teacher training school , temporary teacher training school , temporary teacher training school
In 1880 , he became a professor at Osaka Prefectural School of Foreign Languages .
In 1898 , he became a professor at Osaka Prefectural University .
He became a professor at Osaka Prefectural University in 1880 .
In 1886 , he became an instructor at the Third Higher Middle School ( old education system ) .
In 1890 , he became a professor at the University of Tokyo , and then became a professor at the University of Tokyo .
Faculty of Medicine was renamed Faculty of Medicine .
He became the governor of Kyoto Prefecture and then moved to Kyoto City ( current location of Kyoto City ) in 1903 .
Faculty of Economics was established .
In 1891 , he became the principal of the Third Higher School .
Doshisha Junior High School ( under the old system ) was closed .
Faculty of Engineering was established .
In 1890 , he was transferred to Kyoto Imperial University , and then to the Faculty of Law , Faculty of Letters .
The Faculty of Law was established ( the current Faculty of Law and Economics ) in the same year .
In 1898 , he became a professor at the University of Tokyo .
He became a professor at Kyoto Imperial University and Kyoto Imperial University in 1941 , and then became a professor at Kyoto University .
In 1947 , the following year , the first generation students were enrolled in the school .
It was renamed as Faculty of Commerce in the same year .
Graduate School of Social Welfare and Graduate School of Social Welfare were established in 2001 .
2007 : The Faculty of Social Studies was established .
Faculty of Commerce was abolished .
Faculty of Social Studies and Faculty of Social Studies were established in 1997 .
Refer to the article on the History of Japan .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is a god ( Shinto ) who appears in Japanese Mythology .
The shrine is also known as ' Ame no Minakanushi no Kami ' ( the god of heaven ) , which is one of the Shinto gods ( Shinto religion ) .
It is a shrine where the sun god is enshrined .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) in the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters )
It is also known as Ame no Minakanushi no Mikoto .
The " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) describes that ' the gods of heaven and earth are enshrined together . '
There is no description of her being a female god .
According to the " Kojiki " ( Records of Ancient Matters ) and the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , it was decided that the gods would be placed in the custody of the Emperor , and that the gods would be placed in the custody of the Emperor , and that the gods would be placed in the custody of the Emperor , and that the gods would be placed in the custody of the Emperor , and that the gods would be placed in the custody of the Emperor , and that the gods would be placed in the custody of the Emperor .
The Three Sacred Treasures of the Imperial Family are enshrined together with the Yata no Kagami ( the mirror ) and the Yata no Kagami ( the mirror ) , and the Yata no Kagami ( the mirror ) is enshrined as the Imperial Mausoleum of Emperor Jinmu .
The original text of the " Kojiki " was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
The origin of the word is unknown .
Mythology
According to the " Kojiki , " when the fire broke out , he gave birth to a child , named Isotakeru , and then he was sent back to his hometown .
He was born between Izanagi and Izanami , and his right eye was named after the name of his mother , Izanagi no mikoto .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) was ordered to go back to his country .
Izanagi went to the land of the dead , and then he was ordered to go to the land of the dead , which was the land of the dead .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) hid herself in the Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi ( literally , " Heavenly Sword of Heaven , " which refers to the human world ) , and then he was ordered by her father , Emperor Jinmu , to go to the east with her brother , Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , but he was persuaded by her to go back to his hometown , and went back to his province .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , who was born between the two gods , Izanagi and Izanami , had the idea that the land should be divided into two , and that the land should be divided into two , and that the land should be divided into two , and that the land should be divided into two .
It is said that he was born between Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) and Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
Amenokoyane no Mikoto
Ame no Minakanushi no Kami
Mukomachi no Kami
Saigu no tsukasa ( Imperial Table Office )
Yamatohime no Mikoto
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) hid herself in the Ama no iwato ( Cave of Heaven ) of the Ama no iwato ( Cave of Heaven ) , who had been hiding herself in the Ama no iwato ( Cave of Heaven ) .
The world is peaceful , and the world is peaceful .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) gave birth to a child , and the next year , he made an effort to build a shrine on the border between Izumo and Hoki , and also made the two gods , Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) and Susanoo , go to the land of the dead .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) gave birth to a child named Isotakeru , who was sent to Ashihara no Nakatsukuni ( the Central Land of Reed Plains ) .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) gave birth to a child , and after he returned to his hometown , he was sent back to his hometown in Ashihara no Nakatsukuni ( the Central Land of Reed Plains ) .
Commentary
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is said to have given birth to a child of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , and it is also said that this is because the reason why it was because it was because it was because it was because it was because the people who did not want to have a child of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) or Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
It is believed that the ancient Shinto priest was a descendant of the same god .
She is also known as ' Hime ' and is enshrined in the hall of worship .
It is said that the gods of heaven and earth were originally male gods , but they were originally male gods .
There is a theory that the first half of the book was the Empress Jito and the second half of the book was the Empress Jito .
According to the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , it was decided that ' if you look at the center of the world , you will be able to see the moon and the moon , ' and that if you look at the center of the world , you will be able to see the moon and the moon in the center of the world and the moon in the center of the world , and if we look at the center of the world , we can see the moon and the moon in the center of the world and the moon in the center of the world . '
In addition to the above , there is a description in the " Engishiki " ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) that says that the gods of heaven and earth , the gods of heaven and earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth and earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth and earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth and earth , and the gods of earth , are also included in the " Engishiki " ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) , and the " hakama " ( a long pleated and divided skirt made in fine stripes ) , the gods of water and water .
There are two theories about the origin of the word , one is that it was created during the reign of Emperor Sujin , and the other is that it was created during the reign of Emperor Suizei , and the other is that it was created during the reign of Emperor Suizei .
It is said that , in the past , there was a custom that the people in the eastern part of Japan would be able to find out the differences between the two types of people in the eastern Japan and the western Japan , and that the people in the eastern part of Japan would be able to find out the difference between them .
The " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) also describes that the Emperor Tenmu had a certain degree of influence on this .
The following is a summary of the incident .
645 : The Taika Reforms
The imperial mausoleum was built in the same manner as the imperial mausoleum .
The sun ' is the sun god .
In addition , the name of the god is ' male . '
The shrine 's name is written in Chinese characters as ' Saiin ' ( literally , " a mountain god " ) in Chinese characters as well as in kanji ( Chinese characters ) , and in kanji ( Chinese characters ) as well as in kanji ( Chinese characters ) as in kanji ( Chinese characters ) , it is written in kanji ( Chinese characters ) as well as in kanji ( Chinese characters ) , ' Omiya ' ( literally , " mountain god " ) , ' Omiya ' ( literally , " mountain god " ) , and ' Omiya ' ( literally , " mountain god " ) , which is a mountain god 's name , but in reality , it is written as ' Omiya . '
The clan was descended from the same ancestor as the Mononobe clan , and the clan was descended from the same ancestor as the Mononobe clan , and the clan was descended from the same ancestor .
He was a younger paternal half-brother of Empress Jingu .
672 : The Jinshin War occurred .
The name of the god ' is written in Chinese characters as ' Kami ' ( god ) , and the god is said to have been born from the body of the body .
There is also a theory that the name of the god of war was ' Ame no Minakanushi no Kami ' ( one of the gods in Japanese mythology ) , and that it was ' Ame no Minakanushi no Kami ' ( one of the gods in Japanese mythology ) , which was also written as ' Ame no Minakanushi no Kami ' ( one of the gods in Chinese mythology ) , but it was also written as ' Hime no Kami ' ( one of the gods in Chinese mythology ) .
The shrine was founded in 1895 .
Amaterasu Omikami ' ( the Sun Goddess ) is a Shinto deity .
She was a goddess .
He was a god of music and was also an ancestor of the Imperial Family .
In addition , the names of the imperial family , such as ' Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi ' and ' Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi , ' were used .
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , it was decided that the entire family should be given the title of ' Sukune ' ( the third highest of the eight hereditary titles ) and that the entire family should be given the title of ' Sukune ' ( the third highest of the eight hereditary titles ) , and that the entire family should be given the title of ' Sukune ' ( the third highest of the eight hereditary titles ) in the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) and the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) .
In 1872 , he became a Shinto priest of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) and was enshrined in the shrine precinct .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , the sun god , and the moon god , all of whom were originally from the same family , were originally from the same family as those from the same family , but later they were changed to the one from the one from the one from the one from the one from the one from the one from the another from the one from the one from the one from the one from the one from the to the one from the one from the one from the one from the to the one from the another from the one from the one from the to the one from the one from the one from the same , and the one from the one from the one from the one from the one from the to the one from the another from the another from the one from the one from the another from the one from the another , and the one from the one from the another from the one from the one from the one from the one from the one from the one from the one from
However , in the case of ' the gods of heaven and earth ' and ' the gods of earth , ' it is said that the conflict between the two sides led to the conflict between the two sides , and that the conflict between the two sides led to the conflict between the two sides .
When the Emperor died , he said , ' You will not be able to get rid of the disease of the people of the province , ' and he made efforts to protect the temples and shrines from the opposition of the people of the province .
After the demise of Emperor Meiji , it was decided that the Imperial Throne should be returned to the original Emperor .
It is said that this was because of the policy of the separation of Buddhism and Shintoism , and that it was not until the establishment of the Imperial Household Shinto .
Please refer to the article on Shinto shrines .
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , he had a dream of his wife , who was a Buddhist nun .
The reason why the name ' Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi ' was used is that it was not only the case that the Imperial Family but also the Imperial Family and the Imperial Family had a close relationship with each other , and therefore , it was decided that ' Ame no Murakumo no Tsurugi ' was a symbol of the Imperial Family .
The reason why he did not go to the war was that he did not go to the war , and that he did not go to the war , and that he was involved in the negotiation with many other people .
The temple was built in 1928 by Emperor Meiji and is commonly known as ' The Statue of Fudo Myoo ' in Japan .
The world of the dead is the world of the gods .
In addition , the original form of the land of the dead was ' Izanagi , ' and the form of the land of the dead was ' Izanagi , ' which was a symbol of the world of the dead .
Enshrined deities in the main shrine
In the case of Kasuga Taisha Shrine in Nara Prefecture , there are two types of shrines that enshrine Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
The Yata no Kagami ( mirror ) is enshrined in the Imperial Palace as the shintai ( an object of worship housed in a Shinto shrine and believed to contain the spirit of a deity ) .
The most important shrine in Japan is Ise-jingu Shrine , and the shrine is dedicated to the gods of heaven and earth .
" Tenka " was used in the name of the official name of the domain .
He was also known as a man of high virtue .
( He was not a samurai . )
They were originally a group of people living in the area .
In addition , the term " Samurai " was used to refer to those who served for the Imperial Court or temples .
Shugo daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord as provincial constable ) during the Sengoku period ( period of warring states ) .
In the Sengoku Period ( Period of Warring States ) ( Japan ) , there were many cases in which a new branch of the family was appointed as a new jito ( manager and lord of manor ) of the new territory .
In the Edo period , the post was given to daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) , and the post was given to those who had distinguished themselves in the Battle of Sekigahara .
In the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , the post was given to a person who was a direct retainer of the shogun .
In addition , the term " sengoku daimyo " ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) refers to the fact that there were many cases in which they were given a special permission from the Ming Dynasty to trade with China .
The history of the domain in the Edo period is as follows .
For more information , refer to the article on the Sengoku daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) .
Daimyo in the Edo period
In the Edo period , the family was entitled to the rank of daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and to the rank of daimyo ( feudal lord ) and to the rank of daimyo ( feudal lord ) .
Fudai daimyo ( a daimyo in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) and fudai daimyo ( a daimyo in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) in the early part of the Edo period , who were the relatives of the Tokugawa family , were granted the title of Baron after the Battle of Sekigahara , and were granted the title of Baron .
In the same year , he was granted the family name of Matsudaira by the Emperor , and he was granted the family name of Matsudaira by the Emperor , but after the death of his father , he became a vassal of the Tokugawa shogunate , he was granted the title of Tokugawa Shogun , and he was granted the title of Tokugawa Gosanke ( three privileged branches of the Tokugawa family ) , including the head of the Tokugawa family , the head family , the head of the Tokugawa family , and the head of the Shimazu family , and the head of the Tokugawa family .
In addition , he was adopted by Ieyasu TOKUGAWA , the head of the family of the Tokugawa clan , and became the lord of the Odawara Domain in Sagami Province .
In addition , he was promoted to the rank of Jugoi ( Junior Fifth Rank ) and appointed as a member of the Gotairo ( Council of Five Elders ) of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and in the Battle of Sekigahara , he was given important posts by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , such as the head of the family and the guardian of the Toyotomi family , and he was also involved in the conflict between the bakufu and the Imperial Court .
In addition to the above , there were many cases in which the head family of the Asano clan , which was a branch family of the Abe clan , was punished by being deprived of their official rank and privileges , such as Daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) , hatamoto ( direct retainers of the bakufu ) , hatamoto ( direct retainers of the bakufu , which is a form of Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , hatamoto ( direct retainer of the shogun ) , and hatamoto ( direct retainers of the bakufu , which is a form of Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) in the Edo period , and the head family of the Asano clan , the head family of the Mori clan , who was a tozama daimyo ( nonhereditary feudal lord ) in the Edo period .
The military power of the clan was strengthened .
After the Battle of Sekigahara , the Ii clan was treated as a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) with a small stipend of 10,000 koku .
In addition , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the order of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and his family was also involved in a series of incidents such as a series of wars and a series of wars .
In addition to the above , there were many cases where the Mori clan , who had been a vassal of the Tokugawa clan for generations , was appointed as the lord of the domain , such as Akita Domain in Dewa Province , Akita Domain in Dewa Province , Akita Domain in Dewa Province , Akita Domain in Dewa Province , Akita Domain in Dewa Province , and Yonezawa Domain in Dewa Province , and in the case of the former lord of the domain , the former lord of the domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , who had been a member of the Imperial family , and the former lord of the domain , and the former lord of the domain , Yoshitaka SHIMAZU , who had been a member of the shogun 's council of elders .
In addition , there were cases in which a person who was given a territory of 10,000 koku or more of rice crop was given a special permission from the Emperor to establish a new system , such as the case in which a person who was given a territory of 10,000 koku or more of rice crop or more of rice crop was given a special permission from the Emperor to build a new system , and the case in which a person who was given a territory of 10,000 koku or more of rice crop was given a special permission from the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
For details , please refer to the article on " The Family Tree of the Tokugawa Family . "
In the case of the land survey conducted in the western part of Japan , there were many cases in which the land was confiscated by the lord of the domain , and in the case of the land survey conducted in the western part of Japan , the land was reduced to a large amount of rice crop .
In addition , the term " hyakusho " refers to a person who has a certain level of control over his territory .
His territory was 10,000 koku ( crop yields ) , and the head family of the Nitta clan in Hitachi Province was a branch family .
The family line of the Ashikaga clan is said to have been descended from the Nitta clan .
The Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) to build a new style of government , such as the establishment of a new system .
In the Edo period , the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered that the number of samurai be reduced to less than one hundred and more than ten thousand .
It is also called " Buke Shohatto " ( Laws for the warrior class ) .
He was a member of the House of Peers .
He was a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) of the castle town .
In addition , there is a tea room in front of the gate of the Edo-jo Castle .
He was a vassal of the shogun family .
They were ordered by the Tokugawa shogunate to take care of the castle town and castle town .
In addition , the word " o " is used to refer to a person who is in charge of the construction .
The Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) to build a new castle in the western part of Japan .
It was a feudal retainer of the domain .
In addition , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to make a living by selling raw silk fabric and cloth .
Daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) in charge of guarding the Imperial Palace .
Fushin fushin :
He went to the capital ( Kyoto ) .
In addition , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered the production of Asano Takumi no Kami .
It is served with a knife and is eaten with a knife .
It is also said that this is the only time for the guests to visit .
It is made from fish meat and meat .
In addition , he received a license to carry a sword .
It is a very large dish .
In addition , there is a description that says that the technique of making a fire was used as a tool for making tofu ( bean curd ) and other things .
It is made from a white cloth .
In addition , in the early modern period , the word ' manga ' was used to refer to the documents written by the people of the same clan or the people of the same clan .
It is said that the word " Tenka " was used only in the Edo period , but gradually changed to " Tenka " .
It is said that the word ' manga ' was used in the following way : ( 1 ) it was used in the Edo period , ( 3 ) it was used in the same way as ' literature ' ( 3 ) , ( 3 ) it was used in the same way as ' literature ' ( 3 ) , ( 3 ) it was used in the same way as ' literature ' ( 3 ) , ( 3 ) it was not used in the past , and ( 3 ) it was used in the same way as ' literature ' ( 6 ) .
In the Edo period , the word ' sankyoku ' was used as a word meaning ' to make people laugh . '
Shugo daimyo ( shugo , which were Japanese provincial military governors , that became daimyo , which were Japanese feudal lords )
Fudai daimyo ( a daimyo in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) and fudai daimyo ( a daimyo in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family )
Domains
Daimyo ( feudal lord )
