The mausoleum
Eisai was a Buddhist monk who lived in the early Kamakura period .
Founder of the Soto Sect .
At that time , he was known as a master of calligraphy .
It is also known as a term that means ' a person who has a good nature . '
His shigo ( a posthumous name ) was Kogyo Kokushi ( Master of Zen Buddhism ) , and his shigo ( posthumous name ) was Kogyo Kokushi .
He was also known as Dogen .
It is said that the number of people who visit the temple increased due to the influence of Buddhism .
It is said that the origin of the name is from the fact that it was made from the trees of trees and trees of trees .
His father was MINAMOTO no Michichika , who was Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) and Naidaijin ( Minister of the Center ) , but it is not clear whether he was a descendant of the Fujiwara clan or not .
His father was MINAMOTO no Yoritomo , and he was appointed to Gon Dainagon ( provisional chief councilor of state ) , and his mother was a daughter of MINAMOTO no Yoshinaka ( there is a theory that he was from the same family ) , who was a branch family of the Fujiwara clan , and his mother was a daughter of TAIRA no Yorimori .
His father was MINAMOTO no Akifusa , who was Udaijin ( minister of the right ) .
His mother was the second daughter of Yoshitsune KUJO , and later he was promoted to Chunagon ( vice-councilor of state ) ( " Genpei Seisui ki " ( Rise and Fall of the Minamoto and the Taira clans ) ) .
It is said that he had no choice but to make his daughter marry into the Kujo family after the death of his older brother , FUJIWARA no Sadaie , and he was appointed as Kanpaku ( chief advisor to the Emperor ) in the same year .
There is a theory that says that he was a child of Shinran , and that he was a child of Shinran .
It is said that the phrase ' The life of Buddha ' was written in the " Commentary on the Meditation Sutra . "
In the same year , he became a priest in Mt . Hiei with his father .
He became a priest and was given the title of Daishi ( a title of respect given to close female relatives of the Emperor or a woman of comparable standing ) of Mt . Hiei in 1235 .
He became a priest of Enryaku-ji Temple on Mt . Hiei in Tendai Sect .
He became a priest of Tofuku-ji Temple on Mt . Koya in 1235 .
In the same year , he went to China , and in the same year , he became a priest of the Soto sect at Mt . Hiei , and he founded the Soto sect .
He returned to Japan in 1212 .
He became the chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple in Kyoto City .
After the incident , he lived in Mt . Hiei .
He was appointed to the Governor of Echizen Province by the order of his father in March , 1939 .
The origin of the name of the residence was the residence of the chief priest of Ryoan-ji Temple in Omi ( Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture ) and the residence of the chief retainer of the Asano clan .
In 1602 , he founded Kosho-ji Temple in Izumi Province .
In the same year , he became the chief priest of Tofuku-ji Temple and changed his name to Eisai .
In the same year , he went to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his younger brother , FUJIWARA no Yoritsune .
It was in the Kamakura period when the Zen sect was introduced to Japan , but it was in fact brought back to Japan in August of the same year .
In the same year , he died at the age of 44 , and he succeeded to the position of chief priest of Tofuku-ji Temple on Mt . Koya , but he died at the age of 44 in the same year .
It is said that he died of illness .
In the case of the Buddha 's sariras , it is difficult to keep the original form of the Buddha 's teachings , so that it can be said that , in the case of the Buddha 's teachings , the Buddha 's teachings are not included in the ones that are not seen in the teachings of Buddha 's teachings , but are not included in the teachings of Buddha 's teachings that are not seen in the teachings of Buddha 's teachings , but are not included in the teachings of Buddha 's teachings .
It is said that the reason why the Jodo ( Pure Land ) sect did not appear in the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) was because of the influence of Buddhism .
It is the way to become a Buddha and to become a Buddha .
The following is the example :
3 . All of them are good and evil .
It is said that the number of people who were not allowed to enter the Buddhist priesthood was four .
The color of water and sand .
One of the reasons for the above is to pray to Buddha for the happiness of all living things , such as Buddha , Buddha , and so on .
The three treasures of Buddhism .
The reason why he became a priest was that he did not go to the Pure Land but did not go to the Pure Land , and that he did not go to the Pure Land to become a Buddha and that he did not go to the Pure Land .
" Kuyo " ( Buddhist prayer )
" Nihon Koten Bungaku Taikei " ( The Complete Works of Japanese Classic Literature ) ( Iwanami Shoten , Publishers , 1969 )
" Shin Nihon Koten Bungaku Zenshu " ( The Complete Works of Modern Japanese Literature , Vol . 2 , Ltd . ) ( Iwanami Shoten , 1976 )
" Shin Nihon Koten Bungaku Taikei " ( The Complete Works of Japanese Classic Literature , Vol . 2 ) ( Iwanami Shoten , 1993 )
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " ( translated by Shokei SHIBATA , translated by Shokei SHIBATA , published by Iwanami Shoten )
" The Complete Works of English " ( Iwanami Shoten , 1993 , ISBN Property )
" The Analects of Confucius "
" Kanjo " ( Buddhist mass )
" The complete works of art of warfare " ( Kodansha Ltd . , 1979 )
" Shinsen Shojiroku " ( Newly Compiled Register of Shinto and Buddhism )
It is a book written by Dogen .
" How to make a pilgrimage to the Pure Land " ( edited by Shokei SHIBATA , published by Kodansha Ltd . , 1993 )
" Shin Nihon Koten Bungaku Taikei " ( Complete Works of Japanese Classic Literature ) ( Iwanami Shoten , 2006 )
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " ( Iwanami Shoten , 1976 )
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " written by Shokei SHIBATA , published by Iwanami Shoten , 1971
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra , " translated by Shokei SHIBATA , published by Kodansha Ltd .
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " ( Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra ) , written by Sogi , published by Iwanami Shoten , 1980
It is a collection of books written by Shuho Myocho , and a collection of books written by Shuho Myocho .
List of books
" Selected Biography of High Priest Sogi " written by Kenko YOSHIDA
" Genji Monogatari Emaki " ( The Illustrated Scroll of the Tale of Genji ) ( owned by the Yomei Bunko Art Museum )
Color painting on silk of portrait of High Priest Kanzan inscribed by Sogi
" Commentary on the Meditation Sutra " ( Commentary on the Meditation Sutra ) , Volume 6 , 1919
" Bussetsu Muryoju-kyo " ( Sutra of the Buddha of the Buddha of the Present ) ( The Asahi Shinbun ) , published by Kodansha Ltd .
" Nihon Koten Bungaku Taikei " ( Complete Collection of Japanese Literature ) ( property of Tokyo National Museum )
" Collection of Buddhist Scriptures , " Volume 3 , Volume 3 , by Ki Shoin , published by Ki Shoin , 1999
" Bussetsu Muryoju-kyo " ( Sutra of the Buddha of the Most Victorious Kings Sutra ) ( Important Cultural Property )
The Asahi Shinbun newspaper was published by Iwanami Shoten , Ltd . , ' published by Iwanami Shoten .
His first appearance is in the novel ' Hana no Jin ' ( The Flower of the Cherry Blossoms ) ( by Ryotaro SHIBA ) .
His last work is " The Story of Mr. Ito " written by Ryotaro SHIBA ( published by Iwanami Shoten ) .
His last poem is included in the " Asahi Shinbun " ( The Asahi Shinbun ) , a collection of the " Asahi Shinbun " ( newspaper ) .
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " written by Sogi
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum ( Kyoto Prefecture ) : A museum located on the west side of the station
The company was founded as a result of the establishment of a new company , and in September of 1931 , it was decided to build a new company in the vicinity of the old site of the old site of the old Kyoto Station , and in September of the same year , it was decided to build a new company in the western part of the western part of Japan ( the western part of Japan ) ( the western part of Japan , including the western part of Japan , the western part of Japan , the western part of Japan , and western part of Japan ) .
In the wake of the division and privatization of JNR in 1987 , the station became a JR West station .
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum and Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum used to be in charge of the Fukuchiyama Line .
In the early Showa period , it was decided that the construction of steam locomotives would not be completed , and steam locomotives were manufactured in the same year .
It is said that the first ' national treasure ' and ' national important cultural property ' were built in the vicinity of the main gate of the main gate of the Imperial Palace , and the first ' national treasure ' was found in the city of Yokohama City , Hyogo Prefecture , while the second ' national treasure ' was found in the city of Kobe .
In the past , there were two types of steam locomotives , one was a model steam locomotive , but the other was a model steam locomotive and the other was a model steam locomotive for steam locomotives .
The Museum of Kyoto is located on the east side of the second floor of the building , and the Museum of Modern Art is located on the west side of the building .
April 1 , 1934 : The first floor of the building was made of wood , and the second floor of the building was made of wood .
In 2004 , it was designated as a special historic site .
The building has two stories : one is in front of the main building of the Museum of Modern Art , and the other is in front of the main building of the Museum of Kyoto , and the other is in front of the main building of the Museum of Modern Art , which is in front of the main building of the Museum of Kyoto .
The building was built in a corner of the former site of the former residence of MINAMOTO no Yoritomo in Kyoto City , and it was completed in 1981 .
The construction of the new station house was completed in 1981 , and the construction of the new station house was completed with the help of the Kyoto Municipal Transportation Bureau ; the construction of the new station house was completed in Sagano , and the construction of the new station house was completed in Sagano , which was completed in 1981 ; and the construction of the new station house was completed in Sagano , which was operated by the Kyoto Municipal Transportation Bureau ; and the construction of the new station house was completed in Sagano , which was completed in 1997 .
It was designated as a national important cultural property in 1996 .
In the early Showa period , there were two types of steam locomotives : one was a model of a steam locomotive and one was a model of a steam locomotive .
The total length of the steam locomotive was changed from one third to one third in order to one third in order to make the total length of the steam locomotive , and the construction cost was reduced to one third in order to make the total length of the steam locomotive .
The trains that arrive at and depart from Platform 3 are operated in the section between Takarazuka Station and Amanohashidate Station , and the trains that depart from and arrive at and depart from Platform 3 are operated in the section between Takarazuka Station and Amanohashidate Station .
For example , the number of regular trains operated on the regular railway line was reduced to less than 10 , and therefore , the actual number of cars was not fixed .
There are two types of steam locomotives , one is " steam locomotives " and the other is " steam locomotives . "
The station house was built on the former site of the former residence of MINAMOTO no Yoshitsune , and the new building was constructed on the former site of the former residence of MINAMOTO no Yoshitsune , and the new building was constructed on the former site of the former residence of the former residence of MINAMOTO no Yoshitsune .
The area around the station is also a part of the area .
In the same year , the steam locomotives were transferred to the Japan Freight Railway Company ( JR West ) .
plum blossoms
This is the origin of the word ' fusuma ' ( board ) .
It was made in 1919 , and in 2007 , it was made in England , and in England , it was made in England , and in the form was made in the form of a steam locomotive .
The reason why the name of the office was abolished was as of 2008 .
The actual number of people who used this type is 26 ( the actual number of people ) .
JNR steam locomotive steam locomotive
It was manufactured in 1932 .
It was the second class railway in Niigata Prefecture .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113
In 1914 , he became the director of Kawasaki Factory .
The operation started with the opening of the freight line .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1991 , it was opened .
JNR / JR Kiha 40 Series Diesel Cars
1977 : The Japanese Red Cross Society
He became the governor of Kagoshima Prefecture .
It was issued in 1997 .
In 2002 , it was opened to the public for the first time and was opened to the public in 2002 .
JNR steam locomotive
In 1932 , he was employed as an engineering engineer .
The company was in charge of the management of the railway company , Ltd . , whose head office was located in Matsumoto City .
In 1953 , the company started the operation .
JNR / JR Diesel Cars Type 120 ( steam locomotive )
1929 : The company was founded .
It was introduced in 1943 .
It was planned to be sold at the site of the Museum of Modern Art , Ltd . , and it was moved to the site of the Museum of Modern Art .
JNR steam locomotive steam locomotive
It was manufactured in 1928 .
The construction work was completed in 1931 .
The museum was opened as a facility for research and research in 1977 , and the station was used as a facility for research and research .
JNR steam locomotive
1932 : The steam locomotive was manufactured .
The operation of this bus route started .
It was issued in 1997 .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 ( 200 )
1932 : The company purchased it from the company .
He became the governor of Hyogo Prefecture at the same time .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 3000 ( second generation )
1934 : The company was manufactured by Tango Railway .
He became the governor of Niigata Prefecture .
Kaya Steam Locomotive
It was manufactured in 1934 .
The operation of this bus route was extended to Platform 1 .
In 1953 , the company started the operation .
JNR steam locomotive
1944 : The company was founded .
The operation of this bus route was transferred to the Nara Line .
It was issued in 1997 .
JNR steam locomotive steam locomotive ( steam locomotive )
1944 : The company purchased it from Mitsubishi Corporation .
He became the governor of Kumamoto Prefecture .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1949 , the company was reorganized .
JNR / JR Kiha 58 Series Diesel Car ( steam locomotive )
1944 : The company was founded .
It was transferred to the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) in 1977 .
It was transferred to the Kinki Nippon Railway Company ( JR West ) in 1977 .
1997 : The station house was relocated to its current site .
The second generation , Type 1 type ( railway )
1944 : The company was founded .
It was the former site of the detached office of the Hokkaido Development Commission .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1949 , the company was reorganized .
Kaya Railway Co . , Ltd.
1944 : The company was founded .
It was a branch office .
It was issued in 1997 .
Kaya Railway steam locomotive
In 1977 , he was employed at the Kawasaki factory .
He became the governor of Toyooka Prefecture .
In 1953 , the company started the operation .
Track gauge : 130 km / h
In 1902 , he was transferred to the Ministry of Railways , Ltd . , and then to the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
The Tanabe branch office was established in the town .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1949 , the company was reorganized .
JNR steam locomotive
1944 : The company was founded .
The Hakodate branch office was established in this place .
It was issued in 1997 .
Red ink painting on a white background
Monochrome ink painting on paper
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum , Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum
The stone chamber stone chamber with an iron blade and an iron plate
A pair of wooden bell ( an important cultural property )
Black ink painting on a pair of white walls
Masuda Steam Locomotive Museum ( eight cars )
Picture of a pine tree
Black ink painting on the first floor
A pair of wooden sword with an inscription on the upper part
JNR / JR Kiha 40 Series Diesel Cars
Two persons were assigned to each type of car .
JNR / JR Passenger Car Series 10
A box lunch is available .
It is made of wood , and it is made of wood , and it is made of wood .
There is no toilet .
" History of 100 Provinces " ( tentative name : The Asahi Shinbun )
" Onmyoji " ( 2004 , Asahi Television )
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum
The film was produced by Daiei , Ltd . , and was released on the first day of the Showa period in 1997 .
In 1997 , the museum was opened with a steel bridge and a steel bridge .
There are three buildings , ' Arashiyama , ' ' Arashiyama , ' ' Arashiyama , ' and ' Arashiyama . '
" The New Year 's Eve " ( directed by Hiroyuki KATO ) , December 1998
Shiki Sanban is one of the traditional performing arts .
It is a kind of Buddhist sutra , and is used as a part of a Buddhist sutra .
In China , it is also called " board Sugoroku " ( board Sugoroku ) .
It is written in the form of a letter written by a priest in the old style .
It is a part of the ancient Chinese art of calligraphy .
The Four Books of Confucianism ( Buddhism ) , the Four Books of Confucianism ( Buddhism ) , the Four Books of Confucianism ( Buddhism ) , the Four Books of Confucianism ( Buddhism ) , the Four Books of Confucianism ( Buddhism ) , and the Four Books of Confucianism ( Buddhism ) .
It was introduced into Japan and became the origin of the current Buddhism .
In Japan , it is said that the Great Buddha Hall was built in order to pray for the recovery of the Emperor from smallpox , and that the Great Buddha Hall was built in the year 806 .
During the reign of Emperor Enyu , he was given the title of Daishi ( the third highest rank in the hierarchy of Buddhist priests ) and the title of Daishi ( the third highest rank in the hierarchy of Buddhist priests ) , and he was active in the research of Buddhist scriptures and Buddhist scriptures .
In the case of the Tendai sect , the number of schools and schools of Buddhism was fixed .
This is a part of the Buddhist sutra .
As a result , he was not able to become a priest .
Later , it was incorporated into the musical instruments for the first time .
There are two types of schools , one is the school and the other is the school .
In addition , there is a practice in which a master of the tea ceremony who is not a disciple of a master of the tea ceremony , or a disciple of a disciple of a disciple of a master of the tea ceremony who is not a disciple of a master of the tea ceremony , is required .
On the other hand , he was also involved in a conflict between the two sides .
In addition , the number of schools has decreased and the number of schools has decreased .
In the Tendai sect , it was established by Saicho .
After the death of Saicho , he was also involved in the construction of Buddhist statues and Buddhist scriptures .
He was the founder of the Yuzu Nenbutsu sect .
He became the chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple in Uji City , Kyoto Prefecture .
The temple was named after Mt . Koya , which was located in the northeast of the main hall , and was named after Mt . Koya .
He was also a chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple on Mt . Hiei , and later he became the first chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple .
In addition , he established the foundation of the Shijo school and the Shijo school .
Later , it was converted into a temple .
His method of making a new piece of music was also changed .
In the past , the Tendai sect and the Tendai sect were established .
nenbutsu ( Buddhist invocation ) , nenbutsu ( Buddhist invocation ) , and nenbutsu ( Buddhist invocation ) were established .
In the past , the Shingon Esoteric Buddhism sect was established .
In the early stage , he received kanjo ( ceremony to be the successor ) from Kukai .
It is said that he was a monk of the Tendai Sect .
He was also involved in the selection of Noh songs .
In the early-modern times , there were many cases where the three families of the Ono clan , the Ono clan , the Ono clan , and the Ono clan , were allowed to enter the Buddhist priesthood .
In the Edo period , the Shingon sect was abolished .
In the early-modern times , the Yamashina school was divided into two schools ; the Yamashina school and the Yamashina school , and in the early modern period , it was divided into two schools .
It is a grand head temple of the Tendai sect , Sennyu-ji Temple , Sennyu-ji Temple , and Sennyu-ji Temple , which is located in Kyoto City .
It is a school of the Shingon sect , and it is a school of the Shingon sect ( Ono school of the Shingon sect ) and is located at the foot of Mt . Koya .
It was a school of the Hosso sect .
In the same year , it was founded by Hideyoshi TOYOTOMI , and in the same year , it was founded as a branch temple of the Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) in Kanazawa City , Ishikawa Prefecture .
It is also known as ' The Great Wisdom Sutra , ' ' The Great Wisdom Sutra , ' and so on .
It was founded by Shinjo ITO ( the founder of the Shingon sect ) .
He was a priest of the Myoshin-ji Temple in Saga , Saga Prefecture .
In the same year , he built Kiyomizu-dera Temple on Mt . Koya and Mt . Koya ( Mt . Koya ) .
Later , the name of Mt . Koya was changed to Mt . Koya and Mt . Koya .
It is also referred to as a stone lantern or a stone lantern .
In addition to the above , there are various kinds of music , such as music , music , music , and music .
It is a kind of music that can be enjoyed in a wide range of ways .
Emperor Tenchi
A woman .
Prince Otsu ( year of birth unknown - June , 686 )
The present Emperor .
His Japanese-style posthumous name was YAMATO Takeru no Mikoto .
His imina ( personal name ) was Sukune .
His childhood name was Prince Shotoku .
He was commonly called Prince Shotoku .
The name of ' Prince Shotoku ' was used in the following way : ' Prince Shotoku '
Details of the process
He was the second Prince of Emperor Jomei .
Her mother was Empress Kogyoku .
His mother was a daughter of Prince Kusakabe , Prince Kusakabe no Miko ( later Emperor Tenmu ) .
In the same year , Emperor Tenchi was assassinated by his uncle SOGA no Umako , and SOGA no Emishi , who was the younger brother of Emishi , was appointed as Crown Prince .
After the Taika Reforms , the Soga clan played an active role in the compilation of " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
The next year , the Emperor was killed by SOGA no Umako and others .
In the same year , he went to Tang ( China ) together with his older brother , Prince Shotoku , but he was defeated in the Battle of Hakusukinoe and returned to Japan .
In the same year , he was sent to Tang ( China ) , but he died at the age of 56 .
After the death of Emperor Tenchi , the following year , he returned to Japan , but it is said that he did not follow the orders of Emperor Tenchi and died at the age of 62 .
In addition , the following year , when the Emishi / Ezo army entered Japan , they made a plan for the construction of facilities such as the Imperial Palace and temples and shrines .
The twelve cap rank system was introduced in the following year .
He was given the family name of ' Kuni no Miyatsuko ' in the year 701 .
Emperor Tenchi 's Prince , Prince Otomo ( later Emperor Tenchi ) , is said to have succeeded to the throne .
However , after the death of Emperor Kobun , the Prince Otomo ( Emperor Kobun ) , who was the son of Emperor Tenmu , became the crown prince .
Emperor Tenmu and Empress Jito were born in this period .
After the death of Emperor Tenji , his son , Emperor Konin , was born as the second son of FUJIWARA no Fuhito .
The next year , he married a daughter of Prince Otomo ( Emperor Kobun ) and had a prince .
Brief Personal History
538 : He was born .
Prince Naka no Oe ( later Emperor Shomu ) : He became the Crown Prince on March 24 , 645 .
August 5 , 1870 : He was enthroned ( Emperor Junnin ) .
Emperor Tenchi ( his reign lasted from February 13 , 686 to March 28 , 1987 )
He died at the age of 56 on January 24 , 672 .
However , according to " Taiheiki " ( The Record of the Great Peace ) , he escaped from the Imperial Palace with his younger brother , Emperor Kobun , and died in battle .
Emperor Tenchi 's reign lasted from the beginning to the beginning of the 20th century .
There are several theories about this .
Emperor Tenmu was in favor of him .
There is a theory that says that he was a son of Emperor Tenchi , and that he was a son of Emperor Tenchi , and that he was also a son of Emperor Tenchi , and that he was also a son of Emperor Shotoku .
It is said that the first half of the book was written by Emperor Tenchi and the second half was written by Emperor Tenmu , but it is not clear whether it was written by Emperor Tenmu or not .
However , it is said that the number of the people who died at the age of 40 was about 70 , but the details are not known .
According to the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , after the death of his father , Emperor Tenchi , he had no choice but to do with his older brother , Emperor Tenchi , and he was given the title of ' King of Wa ' by the Emperor , but he was not able to do so because of his poor health .
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , it was established in the same year , when the Prince was born , and the Prince was born in the same year .
" Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) describes that the Emperor Tenmu did not have any children , and therefore , it is considered that the Imperial Throne was succeeded by the Emperor Tenchi .
This is the last version of the Chinese version .
There is also a theory that says that the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) was written in the same way as the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , but it was not written in the same way as the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
( " Nihonshoki " [ Chronicles of Japan ] )
It is said that the Emperor Tenchi ordered his father , SOGA no Iruka to kill him .
In addition , there is a theory that says that he was a member of the Imperial family or a member of the Soga clan at the time of the Jinshin War .
Prince Naka no Oe was also involved in the assassination of Iruka .
It is said that the contents of " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) and " Shoku Nihongi " ( Chronicle of Japan Continued ) , which were completed in the same year , were the same .
There is also a theory that says that the Emperor Tenchi did not have any children , and that the Soga clan was involved in the dispute over the succession to the Imperial Throne .
There is a theory that says that Emperor Tenmu was a child of Emperor Tenmu .
According to the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , she was a younger sister of Emperor Tenchi , and she was also a younger sister of Emperor Tenchi .
Although he was not allowed to enter the Imperial Palace due to the influence of his older brother , Emperor Tenmu , he was not able to enter the Imperial Palace due to the fact that he had no choice but to enter the Imperial Palace with his older paternal half-brother , SOGA no Emishi , and therefore , he was ordered to go to the Imperial Palace with his younger maternal half-brother , Imperial Prince Kawashima , who had the same mother , Imperial Prince Kawashima , to go to the Imperial Palace with him .
It is said that he was the first son of Emperor Tenmu , but he was not able to enter the priesthood because of his illness .
There is also a theory that says that the Emperor Tenmu gave the title of ' Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi ' to his father , Emperor Tenmu , and another theory says that the Emperor Tenmu gave the title ' Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi . '
There is also a theory that says that he was not a child of Emperor Tenmu but a child of Emperor Tenmu , and he changed his name to ' Hashihito no Himemiko . '
The contents of the book are very few , and the contents of the book are largely different from those of other factors such as the development of new fields and the development of new fields .
Poems
Manyoshu ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves )
One of the oldest poems in Japan was " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) .
The wind blows through the clouds , and the wind blows through the clouds .
His name appears in " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) .
In the middle of the night , when the sun rises to the east , the sun rises to the west , and the sun rises to the east , and the sun rises to the west , and the sun rises to the west .
The Sanjo family was a court noble of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan .
He was a branch of the Sanjo family of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan , and his official court rank was Jusanmi ( Junior Third Rank ) Gon Dainagon ( provisional chief councilor of state ) .
The Sanjo Family : a side line of Shijo
He was from the branch family of the Saionji clan in Iyo Province , and he was also known by the name of Fujiwara .
Its kamon ( family crest ) is three horizontal lines .
He was the second son of FUJIWARA no Ienari of the Kanin line of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan .
In the same year , he was promoted to the rank of Jugoinoge ( Junior Fifth Rank , Lower Grade ) , and after the death of his father , Emperor Gotoba , he became a close aide of the Retired Emperor Goshirakawa , and he was appointed to the position of Mutsu no kuni no kami ( Governor of Mutsu Province ) , which was his father 's political enemy , but he was opposed by his grandfather , MINAMOTO no Sanetomo , and he was exiled to Sado Province .
The origin of the name of the residence was the residence of the Saionji clan located in Iwakura , Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City .
The name of the street comes from the fact that the residence of the Kujo family in Kyoto was located at the foot of Mt . Hiei , and the name of the street came from the name of the street .
After the fall of the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , the family line of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan began to serve the Imperial Court .
He was a son of Emperor Godaigo , and he also became a priest of Daikaku-ji Temple on Mt . Hiei .
Daikakuji-to ( imperial lineage starting with Emperor Kameyama ) and Jimyoin-to ( imperial lineage starting with Emperor Kameyama ) , who were brothers from the same mother , were forced to return to the service of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
After the death of his father , he was appointed to Rokuhara Tandai Kitakata ( an administrative and judicial agency in Rokuhara , Kyoto ) .
In the same year , he was ordered to kill himself by the order of Emperor Godaigo , but he was defeated by the army of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and he was exiled to Oki no shima Island ( Oki Islands ) , which was the base of the direct line of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan ( the family line of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan ) , and he was exiled to Oki no shima Island .
He was a legitimate son of the Saionji family , and he was promoted to Sadaijin ( minister of the left ) in the era of Emperor Godaigo .
The family business was waka poetry during the Muromachi period .
He was born as the second son of Kanpaku ( chief adviser to the Emperor ) Tadataka HOSOKAWA , and his wife was a daughter of Tadataka HOSOKAWA , but he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the order of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and later he was placed under the protection of Tadaoki HOSOKAWA , the lord of the Zeze Domain in Tanba Province , and later he was placed under the custody of Tadaoki HOSOKAWA ( there is another theory that he was the third son of Mitsuhide AKECHI ) .
He was a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) , and after the death of his father , he served as a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) and a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) as well as a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) , and was promoted to Dainagon ( chief councilor of state ) in the Meiji period .
The reason why he was given the title of Baron was that he was a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) , and that he had a close relationship with the Imperial Court , and that he had a close relationship with the Imperial Court , and that he had a close relationship with the Imperial Court ; however , he died at the age of 56 , and therefore , he was given the title of ' Doctor of Music ' by Emperor Meiji , which was given to him by the Imperial Court .
Mt . Hiei is located in the border between Kyoto City and Fukui City , Shiga Prefecture .
It is located at the foot of Mt . Funaoka in Kita Ward , Kyoto City , and at the foot of Mt . Funaoka in Ukyo Ward , Kyoto City .
It is located in Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture .
Kumano Sanzan ( three major shrines , Kumano-Hongu-Taisha , Kumano-Hayatama-Taisha and Kumano-Nachi-Taisha ) , which were believed to have been founded by EN no Gyoja , were built around this time .
It is located in Higashiyama Ward , Kyoto City .
It is also called Mt . Koya , Mt . Koya , and Mt . Koya .
Summary
It is located in the east of Mt . Hiei , and it is said that this is because of the fact that Mt . Hiei is located in the east of the capital .
According to the " Kojiki " ( Records of Ancient Matters ) , the shrine was located at the east foot of Mt . Miwa , and the shrine was also called Mt . Miwa .
Kumano Sanzan Kengyo ( the title of the official who administered the shrines and temples in Kumano ) , which was the origin of Shugendo ( Japanese mountain asceticism-shamanism incorporating Shinto and Buddhist concepts ) , was transferred to Kumano Sanzan ( three major shrines of Kumano ) by the order of the Emperor , and the temple became a branch temple of Kiyomizu-dera Temple .
In addition , there is a custom of visiting a shrine or temple at the foot of Mt . Hiei to pray for the prosperity of the family .
It is located at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , and at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , it is located at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , and at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , it is also located at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , and at the north end is also located at the east end of the area .
In the past , there were many people who went to Kyoto , such as Prince Shotoku and Prince Shotoku , and they used to visit temples and shrines .
It is located on the east side of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) .
There are many people who visit the shrine on New Year 's Eve , such as those who get on and off the train , and those who visit the shrine on New Year 's Eve .
There are two types of facilities , one is the first one , the second one is the second one , and the second one is the second one , and the third one is the ' Lake Biwa Canal , ' the second one is the ' Lake Biwa Canal , ' and the third one is the ' Lake Biwa Canal , ' and the third one is the ' Lake Biwa Canal . '
On the other hand , the Kyoto Nishikyogoku Comprehensive Sports Park was built on the east side of the station on the west side of the station on January 14 , 1950 .
Mt . Koya
Mt . Hiei , which is also known as Mt . Hiei , is one of the three major temples along with Mt . Hiei and Mt . Hiei .
It is also known as ' Misasagi no Misasagi ' ( literally , Mt . Hiei ) , which is one of the three mountains in Japan .
It is located in Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture , and it is located on the border between Kyoto and Shiga Prefectures .
Mt . Hiei is located in the east of the temple , but it is said that it was originally located in the west of Mt . Hiei , which is located in the west of the capital .
Cable Sakamoto Station on the Eizan Main Line of the Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . , is located at the foot of the mountain .
For example , there is a description of ' Mt . Oe ' in " Nihon Sandai Jitsuroku " ( sixth of the six classical Japanese history texts ) , ' Mt . Oe ' in " Yamashiro no Kuni Fudoki " ( Records of the culture and geography of Yamashiro Province ) , and ' Mt . Oe ' in " Kita no shima " ( Mt . Oe in Tango Province ) , but it is not known whether it is Mt . Oe or not .
The temple is also known as Mt . Koya , and its sango ( literally , " mountain name , " which is the title prefixed to the name of a Buddhist temple ) , which is the title prefixed to the name of a Buddhist temple , is Mt . Koya , and its principal image is Amida Nyorai ( Amitabha Tathagata ) , the founder of the Jodo sect , and its founder is said to be Gyoki , the founder of the Jodo sect .
Features
Mt . Hiei
Both sides of the river flow into the lake , and the shape of the water flows into the lake .
It is also known as Mt . Hiei and Mt . Hiei .
Access
Hieizan Cable Cable Railway ( Sakamoto Cable Cable Cable Railway )
Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . ( Kurama Cable Railway )
Eizan Electric Railway Co . , Ltd .
Mt . Hiei Bus
Kyoto Prefectural Road 22 , Kyoto Prefectural Road 22 , Kyoto Prefectural Road 38
By bus : Get off at the bus stop , Mt . Hiei and walk .
Keihan Bus Co . , Ltd . , bound for Yamashina Station
Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . ( Kyoto City Bus ) : bound for Arashiyama via Arashiyama
TV Asahi TV stations
Kyoto City Hall is located in Uji City , Kyoto Prefecture .
The reason why the Nara Kotsu Bus Co . , Ltd . , used to make a stop is that it is difficult for people to get on and off the train .
Goro Sky Tower
This was broadcast on October 1 , 2001 .
Animation & B & B & B
Notes
NHK Kyoto Broadcasting System Co . , Ltd . ( The Asahi Shimbun Co . , Ltd . ) , and TV Asahi Broadcasting System Co . , Ltd . ( The Asahi Shimbun Co . , Ltd . ) : In addition to the above mentioned above , they made an effort to make an effort to make an effort to make an effort to make an effort to make the use of the original plan , and they made an effort to make an effort to make the use of the original plan to make the plan to make the plan to make the use of the original plan , and to make the plan to make the plan to make the plan to make the plan to make the plan to make the plan to make the plan to make the plan to make the plan to make the plan to make the plan by using only three TV stations , TV stations , TV stations , TV stations , TV stations , TV stations , TV stations , TV stations , TV stations , TV stations , TV stations , TV stations , and TV stations
There is also a station that is operated by the Osaka Broadcasting System Co . , Ltd . , which is operated by the NHK Osaka Broadcasting System .
Route 11
During the Edo period , the Nakasen-do Road connecting to the Nakasen-do Road and the Nakasen-do Road connecting Osaka and Kyoto .
This section describes the details of the events .
Hiroshige UTAGAWA 's " Hiroshige UTAGAWA " ( Hiroshige UTAGAWA 's Hiroshige UTAGAWA ) is exhibited at the museum .
It is a vending machine made of glass .
For details , please refer to the article of " The Second World " .
During the Edo period , the Tokaido Main Line was referred to as the ' Nakasen-do Road . '
In addition to the above , there are also many famous places where people enjoy viewing cherry blossoms and cherry blossoms in various places in Japan , such as the former residence of the Konoe family .
For example , in Kyoto , the formal name of the route from the Tokaido to the west is ' Kyo . '
The official names of provinces are shown below .
It is one of the three major cities in Tokyo .
As mentioned above , the former school district system was established in the same year .
Nihonbashi , Chuo Ward , Tokyo
1 . The site of the residence of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA in Shinagawa Ward , Tokyo
1 . Nishi Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture
Sendai City , Miyagi Prefecture ( 25 temples )
The location : Sakura City , Kanagawa Prefecture ( Tanabata Matsuri )
7 . Cherry blossom Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Sakura City , Chiba Prefecture ( Tanabata Matsuri Festival )
Mt . Koya ( Minami Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
27 . Dazaifu Tenmangu Shrine ( Dazaifu City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Odawara City ( Odawara Tanabata Matsuri )
Route 27 : Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture ( Present Fujisawa City )
Shitenno-ji Temple ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Numazu City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( 15 years old )
Route 35 : Bound for Shizuoka City ( Nakasen-do Road )
Early April : Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
Sado City , Sado City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( 2 km )
The site of the second residence of Nobuyasu MATSUDAIRA ( Naka Ward , Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
Sado City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( 25 days old )
Early April : Spring Matsuri Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
Hamamatsu City ( Hamamatsu City ) : Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City
Early April : Autumn Matsuri Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
11 . Early Edo Period : Takayama Town , Sado County , Sado County , Shizuoka Prefecture
Route 35 : Naka Ward , Yokohama City , Shizuoka Prefecture
35 / 32 , Iga City , Mie Prefecture ( 42 )
Early April : Spring Spring ( Minami Ward , Yokohama City , Hyogo Prefecture )
Route 35 : Bound for Mt . Koya ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
Early April : Annual spring ( Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
Late April : Autumn Matsuri Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
Late April : Autumn Matsuri Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
The location : Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( at the end of Edo period )
Ogaki City , Ogaki City , Gifu Prefecture , castle town
Sado City , Sado City , Shimane Prefecture ( 42 km )
Route 35 : Bound for Kanazawa City ( Toyama Prefecture )
Higashi Maizuru ( Higashi Ward , Yokohama City ) - Higashi Maizuru - Higashi Maizuru - Naka no maru
Higashi Koya-kaido Road ( Minami Ward , Nagoya City )
Mt . Atago ( Maizuru City , Kyoto Prefecture )
Route 27 : Bound for Mt . Inari ( Minami Ward , Nagoya City )
The third act : Mt . Atago ( Kita Ward , Osaka City )
Mt . Atago ( Minami Ward , Osaka City )
Mt . Koya ( Gifu Prefecture ) : about 30 km
14 . Hamamatsu City , Aichi Prefecture ( Present Okazaki City )
35 . Hamamatsu City ( Aichi Prefecture )
Minami Ward , Yokohama City ( Minami Ward , Yokohama City )
Route 55 : Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture ( Mie Prefecture )
Itsukushima-jinja Shrine ( Katano City , Osaka Prefecture )
Itsukushima-jinja Shrine ( Toyooka City , Hyogo Prefecture )
Route 35 : Uji City , Osaka Prefecture ( Rokujizo City )
Location : Aza Yamada , Hino Town , Naka County , Mie Prefecture ( present Ono Town , Gifu Prefecture )
Location ( Higashi Ward , Sakai City , Osaka Prefecture ) : 11 km
Nishi Koya-kaido Road ( Nishi Ward , Kobe City , Hyogo Prefecture )
Hikone City , Shiga Prefecture , castle town
Nishi Koya-kaido Road ( Nishi Ward , Kobe City )
Route 22 : Maibara City , Shiga Prefecture
Otsu City ( Otsu City ) : 11 km
Nijo Ohashi Bridge ( Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture )
It is said that , when he was the chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple in Kyoto , he saw the sound of the Chinese character ' ki ' ( pronounced ' shi ' in Japanese ) , which was used in the name of the era when he was the chief priest of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , and that he was the chief priest of Mt . Fuji , who was the chief priest of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , at that time , he saw the sound of the Chinese character ' mi ' ( pronounced ' shi ' in Japanese ) , which was used in the name of his father 's name .
In the same year , he was in charge of the construction of Fushimi-jo Castle in Yamashiro Province .
It is also called the Old Tokaido Road or the Old Nakasen-do Road .
It is said that at the end of the same year , the Tokaido Main Line ran through the east bank of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) and ran through the east bank of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) , and at the same time , it was at the same time that it was at the same time that it was at the same time that it was at the same time that it was at the same time that it was at the same time that it was at the east bank of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) ( at present , Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City ) .
The province was divided into two types .
It was the first province in Japan .
The names of the places where they used to live are as follows :
Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City ( Tokaido Main Line )
Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City ( Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City )
35 Oyamazaki , Minami Ward , Osaka City , Osaka Prefecture
Route 35 : Bound for Osaka ( Minami Ward , Osaka City )
Higashi Koya-kaido Road ( Osaka City , Osaka Prefecture )
It is located at the border between Settsu Province and Izumi Province ( at the end of the same year ) , at the border between Izumi Province and Izumi Province ( at the border between Izumi Province and Izumi Province ) .
The author of " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) was a female writer who lived in the Heian period .
According to the " Shin Heike Monogatari " ( The Tale of the Heike ) , it was written in the same way as the one in the old days , and it was written in the same way as the one in the same way as the one in the " Shin Heike Monogatari " ( New Tale of the Heike ) , which was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in the same way as the one in the same way as the one in the same way as the one in the same way as the one in the " Makura no soshi " ( the Pillow Book ) .
It is also called " Murasaki Shikibu Diary . "
It was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in the medieval period .
It is a collection of essays written by KAMO no Chomei and written by KAMO no Chomei .
In addition , there is a theory that says that the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) , which was written in the early part of the Edo period , was not written in the style of poetry but was written in the style of poetry , and that it was written in the style of poetry .
It is said that , when he was serving at the Imperial Palace , he was asked by FUJIWARA no Michinaga , who was the Chugu no suke ( Assistant Master of the Consort 's Household ) , and when he was serving at the Imperial Palace , he answered ' I am going to the Imperial Palace , ' ' I am going to the Palace , ' and when I was going to see you , I was going to study at the Imperial Palace , ' and so on , however , it is not clear whether this is correct or not ( " Kojidan " ( Talks of the Past ) ) .
In addition , there is a description that says , ' if you go out of the house , you will not be able to see if you go out of the house , ' in the end of the book , it was written by FUJIWARA no Teika , and in the end it was written by FUJIWARA no Teika , and in the end it was written by FUJIWARA no Teika , and in the end it was written on the right side of the paper , and in the paper was written on the left side of the paper .
It is said that the word ' Kosode ' was used in the chapter of ' Makura no soshi ' ( The Pillow Book ) .
It is a collection of essays and essays , including " Commentary on the Tale of Genji , " " Commentary on the Tale of Genji , " and " Commentary on the Tale of Genji , " and so on .
The following is a list of the main characters .
It is written in the Chinese characters as follows : ' When you go out of your mind , you will not be able to see your body . '
The main part is written in the style of books , such as books and essays .
The first part of the sutra .
Details of the inscription
There are various theories .
However , this is not true .
In addition , it is written in " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) that ' there is a technique to make the costume look beautiful . '
It is said that he was promoted to the rank of Shosanmi ( Senior Third Rank ) after the death of FUJIWARA no Teika in 1189 .
It is said that he passed away at the age of 80 or 40 in the same year .
For example , " Genji Monogatari " ( The Tale of Genji ) , which was written by Murasaki Shikibu in the Muromachi period , contains the following descriptions :
It is relatively small .
It consists of two volumes .
It is said that the manuscript was written by FUJIWARA no Teika in 1200 .
It is said that the number of people who read it was as much as the number of people who read it .
The text was written by Kikan IKEDA .
The first half of the book was a series of ' The Tale of Genji , ' and the second half was a series of ' The Tale of Genji , ' and the third half was a series of ' The Tale of Genji , ' and the fourth half was a series .
The story is as follows :
Tenri University Library and Archives of Imperial Household Archives
It consists of two volumes .
Old genealogy of the Sanjonishi family in the possession of the Museum of Japanese History , and old manuscript copy of the manuscript of the Sanjonishi family in the possession of the Yomei Library
It is said that he was a son of KI no Tsurayuki , and his wife was a daughter of KI no Tsurayuki .
It was made in the late Kamakura period .
It is said that the first and second volumes of the Lotus Sutra were written in the same style as those of other Buddhist scriptures .
It consists of twenty volumes in total .
Story line
This is the origin of the word .
It was made in the Muromachi period .
It is said that when he was a priest at Nanzen-ji Temple , he was asked to draw a picture of the scene in which he drew a picture of the castle tower of the Hosokawa clan .
It is one volume .
The contents of the story are as follows :
The Diary of Tosa Nikki ( Tosa Diary )
The book was written by Emperor Gomurakami .
It is held by the Imperial Household Agency .
It consists of six volumes .
Two different colors are used .
It is sometimes called simply " ken . "
It consists of one volume .
It consists of two volumes .
It consists of three volumes .
It consists of three volumes .
Volume 6
This is the origin of the word .
The Maeda family in Kanazawa , Kanazawa , and others are designated as national treasures .
On the other hand , the painting on a folding screen was drawn with a gold paint on a white background with gold paint on it .
Important cultural property .
It was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in the early Kamakura period , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
It is included in " Gunsho ruiju " ( Collection of historical documents compiled by Hokiichi HANAWA ) and " Gunsho ruiju " ( Collection of historical documents compiled by Hokiichi HANAWA ) .
It was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in the early Muromachi period .
However , the following year , he was promoted to the chief editor of the first edition of the " Nihon Shoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , which was published in the Meiji period , and in 1933 , he was promoted to the chief editor of the second edition of the " Nihon Shoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , which was published in the same year .
According to the " Zoku Hyakki Shui " ( Continued Collection of Tales Heard , Past and Present ) , it was a long time ago in the middle of the Heian period , and the pictures were painted on the surface of the paper , and the pictures were drawn on the surface of the paper .
It consists of two volumes in total , and consists of two volumes in total .
Among them , " The Pillow Book , " " The Pillow Book , " " The Pillow Book , " and " The Pillow Book , " which are said to have been written in the late Heian period , are very close to each other , and they are also included in " The Pillow Book , " " The Pillow Book , " " The Pillow Book , " and " The Pillow Book . "
However , the chapter ' Kumogakure ' in the chapter ' Kumogakure ' is not included in the chapter .
It is said that he had no choice but to make a poem in his own hand , and that he had a deep affection for the people of the time , such as court nobles , court nobles , and samurai families , and he had no choice but to make a poem in the first half of the first half of his life ( " Shui Wakashu " ( Collection of Gleanings of Japanese Poems ) , " Shoku Shui Wakashu " ( Collection of Gleanings of Japanese Poems ) ) .
He also wrote " The Tale of Genji " and " The Tale of Genji , " and he made a great contribution to the development of the new style of expression of his own .
Public evaluation
It is a simple and elegant style of poetry , and it is used to express the feelings of people who are sick in bed and suffering from natural disasters .
It is said that , when the wind blows , the sound of the wind blows , the sound of the wind blows , and the sound of the wind blows , but the sound of the wind is different from that of the string , and the sound of the wind is different from that of the moon .
In addition , the word ' manga ' is used to refer to the pictures of people in the early summer , and the word ' manga ' is used to refer to the works of people in the middle of summer , such as those in the middle of summer , those in the middle of the winter , those in the middle of the winter , and those in the middle of the fall , such as those in the winter , those in the middle of the fall , and those in the winter , such as those in the winter , and those in the winter , such as those in the winter , and those in the winter , such as those in the winter , such as those in the winter .
Teishi gave birth to Emperor Ichijo .
It is said that he did not get along with his father , FUJIWARA no Michinaga , when he was twenty years old .
It is not clear when he became a priest , but it is also said that he was not included in " Okagami " ( the Great Mirror ) .
It is said that the Emperor was in favor of the late Emperor , and that the Empress Teimei was in favor of the Emperor , and the Empress Teimei was in favor of the Emperor .
Public evaluation
It is said that when the wind blows through the clouds , he is asked by his wife , FUJIWARA no Hoshi .
However , in the case of a legal wife , they are sometimes referred to as ' ko ' ( in this case , ' ko ' is used ) .
Chugu Gon no taijo ( Provisional Senior Secretary in the Office of the Consort 's Household ) , ' but it is said that she was not included in ' Naishi no suke ' ( a court lady of the first rank ) .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the 13th Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
In the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , there was a case where one of them was allowed to enter the Imperial Palace .
He was awarded the rank of Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) and the title of Sadaijin ( Minister of the Left ) .
He was a member of the Imperial family .
After the death of Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , he became a member of the shogun 's council of elders .
In the following year , 1868 , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered the restoration of the imperial rule , and the next year , the father , Imperial Prince Kitashirakawanomiya Yoshihisa , was killed in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , and the Imperial Court ordered the restoration of the imperial rule by Emperor Komei , and the Satsuma Domain and Choshu Domain were ordered to return to the Imperial Court .
After the Meiji Restoration , he became a priest and lived a life of poverty .
He was also known as ' Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ' or ' Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA . '
According to " Kansei Choshu Shokafu " ( genealogies of vassals in Edo bakufu ) , the title of honor was given by the Imperial Court .
He also wrote a book titled ' How to deal with everything ' in English .
In addition , there is a description that says ' I am born in Nagoya City , and I am born in Nagoya City , and I am born in Kyoto City . '
In addition , it is said that , when he was young , he was asked by his father , who was a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east , ' to be a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east ' and to be a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east . '
He was given the nickname of ' Yoshinobu ' by his father , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
In addition to the above , there are some people who believe that ' it is impossible for people to go back to the original form ' such as those in the Kanto region , those in the Kansai region , those in the Kinki region , and those in the Kansai region , such as those in the Kinki region , and those in the Kinki region , such as those in the Kinki region , and those in the Kinki region , such as those in the Kinki region , and those in the Kansai region .
In addition , there is a description that says ' I am a person from the same province , ' which shows that he had a close relationship with the Mori clan , and that he had a close relationship with the Mori clan of the time , and that he had a close relationship with the Mori clan of the time , and that he had a relationship with the people of the domain in those days , and that he had a relationship with the people of the domain in those days .
He was born as the second son of a feudal retainer of the Owari Domain , Naosuke II on November 27 , 1858 .
His lawful wife was a daughter of Emperor Gomizunoo , and he was the second consort of the Emperor .
There is a theory that his mother was a concubine of Iemitsu TOKUGAWA , and he had a son named Kojiro HOTTA .
His childhood name was Goro .
When he was nine years old , he was asked by his father to serve as the chief retainer of the Mito Domain , but he declined the offer because of the pressure from the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and then he became a disciple of the lord of the Mito Domain and was called ' the father of the lord of the domain . '
It is said that he had no children , but he was adopted by the lord of the domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , and became the heir to the lord of the domain , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
On January 27 , 1864 , he was adopted by the Matsudaira family and became the lord of the domain .
On the same day , he was granted the family name of Matsudaira by the Emperor and became the lord of the domain .
In addition , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his father , who had been appointed as roju ( member of shogun 's council of elders ) , and to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his older brother , Naosuke II .
In the same year , he was promoted to the rank of Junii ( Junior Second Rank ) , and in the following year , 1860 , he was assassinated by his uncle , Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , and the following year , he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) .
In the same year , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Mito Domain , was appointed as the successor of the lord of the Kaga Domain , and his younger brother , Iesada TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Kaga Domain , was appointed as the successor to the lord of the Kaga Domain , and he was also involved in the conflict between them .
In the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his foster father , and in the same year , he succeeded to the position of lord of the domain when he was only 11 years old ( according to a theory , it is said that he was the same person as his older brother , Naosuke II , who was the lord of the domain ) , and then he became the lord of the domain and became the lord of the domain .
In the same year , he was ordered by Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) ( refer to the section of ' Ansei no Taigoku ' ) .
In the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the order of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and in the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the lord of the domain , Katamori MATSUDAIRA , who was the lord of the domain , and he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the lord of the domain , Sadaaki MATSUDAIRA .
Although he was not allowed to enter the Imperial Palace , he changed his name to ' Takayoshi KIDO ' because of the pressure from the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
In 1861 , he was pardoned .
In the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , and in the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by the lord of the domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , who was the lord of the domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , and to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) .
On March 18 , he was appointed as a member of the House of Peers by the recommendation of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
In the same year , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered the restoration of the Imperial Palace and the establishment of a new government , and he was also appointed to the post of roju ( member of shogun 's council of elders ) and also to the post of Kyoto shoshidai ( The Kyoto deputy ) .
In the same year , he went to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his father , Emperor Komei , and in the same year , he was appointed as a member of the Shogun 's council of elders .
When the Emperor visited the Imperial Palace to pray for the victory of the Battle of Sekigahara , he said that ' I am going to the Imperial Palace and I am going to the Imperial Palace , ' but he refused the offer because of the pressure from the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , so he went to the Imperial Palace to see the Emperor .
On the occasion of the Coup of August 18 in the same year , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to take part in the campaign to overthrow the Shogunate , along with his father , Choshu Domain , and the Choshu Domain .
However , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by the order of the retired Emperor , and he also had a close relationship with the former lord of the domain , Takayoshi KIDO , and also he had a close relationship with the former lord of the domain , Takayoshi KIDO , with whom he had a close relationship with ; therefore , he was forced to leave the domain with the former lord of the domain , Takayoshi KIDO , and he was ordered to leave the domain .
He was appointed as Kyoto shugoshoku ( Military governor of Kyoto ) and Osaka jodai ( the keeper of Osaka Castle ) , and later he was appointed as the successor of the family to the lord of the domain , Katamori MATSUDAIRA , but he was dismissed from his post and was placed under house arrest in Kyoto .
Tenguto no Ran ( Rebellion of Tenguto ) broke out , and the lord of the domain , Masanobu HONDA , who was a relative of the Tokugawa family , escaped from the castle to join the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
In the following year , 1864 , he fought against the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) led by Kinmochi SAIONJI at the Battle of Toba-Fushimi .
In the following year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , but he was forced to resign from the post due to the coup d 'etat and returned to Japan .
In the following year , 1864 , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to hunt down and kill the Satsuma Domain .
However , the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was defeated by the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) led by Kinmochi SAIONJI and returned to Satsuma .
After the Battle of Sekigahara , he was exiled to Sado Province on March 24 , 1600 .
In the same year , the Emperor issued an Imperial edict to expel the foreigners , and the following year , he returned to Kyoto .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , who succeeded to the headship of the family , died suddenly .
On the same day , he was given the family name of Matsudaira by the Emperor .
After the return of lands and people to the Emperor , he was appointed to Udaijin ( Minister of the Right ) on March 24 , 1867 .
It is said that he made efforts to restore the authority of the Imperial Court .
In the same year , he was ordered to go to France , France , France , the United States of America , and the United States of America , and he was appointed to the chief of staff of the navy department of the navy , and also to the chief of staff of the navy .
He went to France to study under his father , and then he was appointed to the chief retainer of the Kishu Domain .
It is said that the Imperial Court issued an order to attack the Yuan Dynasty .
On January 24 , 1864 , he was ordered by Emperor Komei to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) , but he refused the offer because of his political pressure from the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ( ' Taisei Hokan ' ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) ) .
It is said that this was because of the political pressure from the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and that he was granted the title of honor of honor by the Emperor .
However , in March of the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by Emperor Komei , and in the same year , he was ordered to go to the post of Sangi ( councilor ) , and then he was ordered to go to the post of Sangi ( councilor ) ( however , there was also a theory that he was involved in the assassination of his older brother , Tomomi IWAKURA ) .
In response to this , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Owari Domain , who had been ordered to go back to the capital , tried to make peace with him , but he failed to do so because of the pressure from the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
In the same year , he went to the front of the Imperial Palace in Kyoto , and in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to attack the Satsuma Domain .
However , when the Battle of Sekigahara broke out , he was ordered to go to the front of the gate of the Imperial Palace , but he was defeated by the army of Ieyasu TOKUGAWA , and he was forced to retreat to the front of the gate of the Imperial Palace .
After the surrender of the castle , the Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Taruhito , who was the commander of the expeditionary force to the east , was appointed as General of the Imperial Army .
In response to this , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the domain , raised an army .
In March of the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the lord of Kokura Domain , Buzen Province .
In addition , he succeeded to the family headship and became the ninth family head of the Shimizu family .
In the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by the lord of the domain , Takamori SAIGO , but he was defeated by the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and escaped to Mt . Tsukuba with his wife and children .
In August of the same year , he was transferred to the Nagoya Domain .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ( the lord of Mito Domain )
Chief retainer of the Matsudaira family ( Mito Matsudaira family )
Ansei no Taigoku ( suppression of extremists by the Shogunate ) ( Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA )
Shugo ( Military Governor ) of Mino Province
Chief retainer of the Matsudaira family ( Mito Domain )
Concubine ( rice bowl )
Takeo NAKAJIMA
Hanzo MATSUDAIRA
In 1869 , he returned to his hometown due to the outbreak of the Boshin War .
After entering into priesthood , various arts such as music , music , and dancing were performed .
In 1899 , he moved to Tokyo .
In the following year , he went to the Imperial Palace of Emperor Meiji , and in the following year , he went back to his hometown .
In 1868 , he was raised to the peerage and became the head of the family .
In 1947 , he returned to secular life and took over as head of the family .
He died in 1934 .
He died at the age of 24 on the same day .
* Dates are based on the old lunar calendar .
In 1847
He was adopted by the Tokugawa family .
On January 12 , 1867 , he changed his name to Yoshinobu .
He was awarded the rank of Jusanmi ( Junior Third Rank ) and appointed as Sakone gon no chujo ( Provisional Middle Captain of the Left Division of Inner Palace Guards ) .
She gave birth to a son , Tadayoshi KUJO , in December of the same year .
He was Sangi ( councillor ) .
In 1858 , he became the successor of Iesada TOKUGAWA .
In December of the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
He retired in October 1864 .
1862
He succeeded to the headship of the family on November 9 .
He was appointed as Sessho ( regent ) on the same day .
January 28 : He was transferred to Gon Chunagon ( provisional vice-councilor of state ) .
In December of the same year , he was appointed as Naidaijin ( Minister of the Center ) .
1864
On March 24 , he resigned from the position of Nairan .
On March 18 , he resigned from the position of Sessho .
March 28 : He was assigned to the post of Governor of Owari Province , and was also assigned to the post of Commander of the 6th platoon .
He fought in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi .
1866
On February 24 , he was additionally appointed as Governor of Owari Province .
He succeeded to the family name of Tokugawa .
January 28 : Promoted to the court rank of Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) and assumed the position of Sakone no daisho ( Major Captain of the Left Division of Inner Palace Guards ) .
On the same day , he was appointed as seii taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) .
1867
He was transferred to Naidaijin ( minister of the center ) in December .
Retained his position as Ukone no daisho .
Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to Emperor )
On January 18 , he resigned from the position of Seii Taishogun .
On January 18 , 1864 , he was dismissed from the post .
He was dismissed on December 24 , 1869 .
January 7 , 1869 : Promoted to Junii ( Junior Second Rank ) .
He was promoted to the rank of Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) on February 26 , 1897 .
He was promoted to Juichii ( Junior First Rank ) on February 24 , 1907 .
He died in Tokyo on November 23 , 1888 .
On January 24 , 1889 , he was appointed as Emperor Meiji 's first president .
He was given the title of marquis on April 16 , 1901 .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the family head of the Matsudaira family , was given the title of ' King of Japan . '
In December of the same year
1908
He was awarded the rank of Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) and became a member of the House of Peers on New Year 's Day .
On December 28 , he retired .
He died at the age of 75 on February 26 , 1903 .
He was posthumously awarded the Grand Cordon of the Order of the Rising Sun .
He was a master of Japanese archery , and he was also a master of art of warfare , and he was also a master of the art of spearmanship , which was a traditional Japanese art of warfare .
He was also a master of Japanese archery at first , but later he devoted himself to the development of new techniques .
In the end , he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) , but he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) because he was afraid that he might be involved in the conflict between his older brother and his older brother , and he was ordered to take care of the family by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
It is said that when he was about to die , he said to him , ' I am going to study , ' and he was going to study with his brother and brother , and then , he was attacked and killed with a spear .
It is said that the reason why he became a priest was that he had not yet been able to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) , and that he was the only person who was born in the same age as him .
It is said that he went back to Kyoto when he was seven years old .
When he was young , he went to the capital with his older brother , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , who was the lord of the domain , and wrote a draft of the book , ' I am going to study under the lord of the domain , and I am going to study under the lord of the domain , but I am going to study under the lord of the domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU . '
Yodo YAMAUCHI , who was the lord of the Tosa domain , was a person who had a strong sense of danger against him , and he was also a member of the ' Sonno Joi ' ( 19th century slogan advocating reverence for the Emperor and the expulsion of foreigners ) .
I am going to have a chance to go to the capital . '
Ryoma SAKAMOTO , who was a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east , ' said as follows :
It is not necessary to have a lot of money .
In addition , he was appointed to be the successor of the Shogun , but he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the order of the bakufu .
However , after the death of Emperor Meiji , he is said to have been a member of Shinsengumi ( a group who guarded Kyoto during the end of Tokugawa Shogunate ) .
It is said that he did not follow the example of his father who died in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi .
In the same year , he was attacked by the army of Tokugawa in the Battle of Toba and Fushimi , but he was killed by the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
It is said that , after the death of his father , he was ordered by Ieyasu to take care of everything , but he did not know much about it .
However , since there was a conflict between the two parties , the Tokugawa side and the Tokugawa side , and the Tokugawa side , who were afraid that they would not be able to go to the capital , ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) , and therefore , it is said that they were able to avoid the conflict between the two groups of the two groups of the two groups , one was to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) and the other was to go to the capital ( Osaka ) and the other was to the capital ( Kyoto ) .
It is said that the reason why he became a priest was that he had no choice but to do with the policy of the Imperial Court , and that he was involved in the internal conflict of the Tokugawa Shogunate , the conflict between the Imperial Court and the Shogunate , and the Shogunate , and that he was also involved in the conflict between the Imperial Court and the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and that he was also involved in ' the incident of the assassination of the Imperial Prince of the Imperial Prince of the Imperial Prince of the Imperial Prince of the Imperial Prince of the Imperial Prince of the Imperial Prince of the Imperial Prince of the Imperial Prince of the Imperial Prince of the Imperial Prince of the Imperial Prince of the Imperial Prince Fushimi . '
In the end of the Edo period , it was decided that the Tokugawa family would be able to keep the real power of the nation under control of the government , and therefore , it was decided that they would be able to keep the real power of the nation under control of the government .
In the Meiji Restoration , he was a member of the House of Peers , and he became a member of the Shinsengumi ( a group who guarded Kyoto during the end of Tokugawa Shogunate ) .
In the same year , he went to the United States of America together with his foster father , Kaoru INOUE , and wrote a draft of ' The Record of the Great Peace . '
In addition , there is a passage in the " Journal of Historical Records . "
It is said that the contents of the letter were quite different from those of the previous one , and the contents of the letter were quite different from those of the previous one .
It is said that the reason why he became a priest was that he was not only because of his father 's intention , but also because of his loyalty and filial piety , and also because of his loyalty to the Emperor , he was called ' the king of Japan ' or ' the king of Japan ' ( according to another account , he was called ' the king of Japan ' ) .
It is said that the second volume of " Dainihonshi " ( Great history of Japan ) , which was written by Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , was lost .
The following year , Emperor Meiji ordered his mother , Empress Dowager Shoken , to make her Imperial Consort 's bridal entry into the priesthood .
In addition , there was a case where the head priest of the Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) was buried in the graveyard of the Zojo-ji Temple in Ueno , Tokyo , where the head priest of the Jodo Shinshu sect was buried .
The Emperor was also said to have been Emperor Komei 's Prince .
After the death of his father , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by the order of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , but he refused to do so , saying ' I am going to do so ' and ' I am going to do so because I am going to the same place as him . '
After the Battle of Sekigahara , there was a theory that says that ' if you go to the capital , you will not be able to get rid of the real world , ' and that this was the beginning of the history of the Meiji Restoration and the rise of the new government .
He was a relative of the Matsudaira family , and his wife was a daughter of a feudal retainer of the Aizu clan .
At the same time , he had a lot of knowledge about Japanese , including English , English , English , and German , and he had an audience with the Emperor , but he was forced to leave the government office because of his illness , and he was forced to leave the government office to work for the government office work .
It is said that there were many people who tried to make a sound by making a sound .
He did not have much time to write a book , which was a rare case in those days .
In addition , there is a record that says that when he was a child , he went to the Imperial Palace and became a disciple of Shoyo TSUBOUCHI , who was a scholar of Japanese classical literature at that time .
He was a younger brother of Mitsukuni TOKUGAWA .
He was born as the second son of Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Taruhito on January 18 , 1849 .
He died at the age of 85 on January 6 , 1849 , and his real mother was from a branch family of the Kiyohara clan .
After the death of her husband , she was treated as a lady in the same way as a woman in the Edo period , and after that , she was treated as a woman in the same way as a woman in the Meiji period .
He had three sons , namely , Imperial Prince Yasuhito , and Imperial Prince Fushiminomiya Kuniie , and he succeeded to the family headship and became president of the domain .
She was the wife of Imperial Prince Takahito and the wife of Imperial Prince Fushimi Sadanaru .
He was born as the second son of Gon Dainagon ( provisional chief councilor of state ) Masamichi TAKATSUKASA , and his mother was Nobuko on April 16 , 1849 .
His lawful wife was Masako ( a daughter of Tadayoshi TODA , a feudal retainer of Owari ) , and his second wife was Sadako NAKAYAMA .
The third son : SHO ( died on April 26 , 1895 )
He was born as the eldest son of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the 11th lord of the domain , on March 18 , 1903 , and passed away on April 16 , 1902 .
She was born on November 24 , 1903 , as the third daughter of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , and died on November 24 , 1930 .
July 1 , 1864 : He was the eldest son of Masahiro MAKINO , who had the title of Ukone no shosho ( Minor Captain of the Right Division of Inner Palace Guards ) , and the third son of Kaoru INOUE .
The tenth son : SHO ( died on October 24 , 1945 )
Second daughter : Princess Masako ( December 26 , 1871 - August 26 , 2000 )
Imperial Prince Fushimi no Miya Kuniie : He died on October 24 , 1903 , and his wife was Princess Yoshiko , the ninth daughter of Imperial Prince Fushiminomiya Kuniie .
The tenth son : SHO ( born in October , 1868 , died in November , 1945 )
The 11th daughter : Masako TOKUGAWA ( December 26 , 1868 - April 16 , 2000 )
On January 27 , 1861 , he was married to the 12th lord of the domain , Masahiro MAKINO ( eldest son ) .
His oldest son was Kiyoshi KATAOKA ( the fourth son ) .
April 24 , 1869 : He was a baron and a baron .
The third son : KOSE no Yasutsune ( born on April 24 , 1895 - died on April 24 , 1945 )
The ninth son of the eleventh family head , Tadateru MATSUDAIRA ( April 26 , 1868 - April 26 , 1995 )
The third son : SHO ( April 26 , 1852 - April 26 , 1938 )
Second son : Imperial Prince Fushimi Sadanaru ( December 12 , 1850 - December 27 , 1931 ) , Jugoi ( Junior Fifth Rank )
The eighth daughter : Masako ( born in August , 1930 - died on July 26 , 1993 )
Fourth son : Tadateru MATSUDAIRA ( December 27 , 1864  December 27 , 1993 )
The fourth daughter : Princess Yoshiko ( December 26 , 1864 - April 26 , 1974 ) was a member of the Imperial family .
The fourth daughter : Princess Masako ( December 28 , 1849 - December 27 , 2000 ) was a member of the House of Peers and a member of the House of Peers .
August 1 , 1873 : He died .
The tenth son : SHO Tai ( died on May 24 , 1945 )
The ninth son : Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ( October 12 , 1905  December 24 , 1945 )
On November 1 , 1873 , he was demoted from nobility to subject .
Concubine ( wife of Iesada TOKUGAWA )
Novels
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , " The Last Shogun of the Tokugawa Shogunate , Vol . 2 "
" The Last Shogun Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA "
Film films
Acted by Kazuo HASEGAWA " Year 2000 " by Kazuo HASEGAWA .
TV dramas
" NHK Taiga Drama " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Nizaemon KATAOKA the 13th )
" Shin Kabuki Eiga Monogatari " ( The Tale of the Taira Family ) ( Shochiku Co . , Ltd . , 1969 , portrayed by Koki KIMURA )
" Onmyoji " ( NHK Taiga Drama ) , played by Ryotaro SHIBA
" Onmyoji " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Kiyoshi WATANABE )
Acted by Ryotaro SHIBA " Bakumatsu " ( New Year 's Theater ) Year 2006 , by TV Asahi .
" The Tale of the Heike , " written by Minoru MURATA , 1955
" Samurai " ( Samurai drama series ) ( Director : Kenji MIZOGUCHI , 1991 , portrayed by TV Asahi )
" Komyo ga Tsuji " ( TV drama series ) ( directed by Ryotaro SHIBA , starring Ken NAGAI ) , 1930
" Shinsen-gumi " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Kiyoshi KATO )
" The Last Sword " ( NHK Taiga drama series ) , 1955 , portrayed by Kazuo HASEGAWA
" Samurai " ( Samurai drama series ) ( New Year 's period drama series , portrayed by Hiroyuki KATO ) , and " New Year 's Eve " ( 1966 , directed by Hiroyuki KATO )
" NHK Taiga Drama " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Kazuo KATAOKA )
" Kasuga no Tsubone " ( The Lady of Kasuga ) ( NHK Taiga drama series , 1969 )
" The Last Sword and the Sword " ( directed by Kenji MIZOGUCHI ) , Shochiku Co . , Ltd. and Shochiku Co . , Ltd . ( directed by Kazuo HASEGAWA ) : released in the summer of 1930 .
" Samurai " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Kazuo HASEGAWA ) .
" NHK Taiga Drama " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Kazuo HASEGAWA )
" The Story of the House of Sen " ( 1 volume )
Yukichi FUKUZAWA : ' The former president of the House of Representatives '
NHK Taiga Drama , " Ryoma ga Tsuji " ( NHK Taiga Drama ) , played by Ryotaro SHIBA
...
Kyoto Station , located in Seika-cho , Soraku-gun , Kyoto Prefecture , is a stop on the Sanin Main Line , which is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
The entire line is operated by West Japan Railway Company .
The line is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) , but it is also operated by the local trains that arrive at and depart from Kamo Station when they arrive at and depart from Kamo Station .
The following is a list of passengers going to the east of the station :
The name of the museum comes from the fact that the color of the color of the sun is different from that of the sun .
West Japan Railway Company ( railway business operator )
Railway distance ( operating distance ) : 95 km
Track gauge : 160 mm
Number of stations : 6 ( including the starting and final stations )
Kamo Station - JR Kyoto Line / JR Tozai Line
Electrified section : entire line ( direct current 600 V )
Electrified section : Automatic block system ( track automatic block system )
Automatic ticket vending machine : Automatic block system
Operation section : Shin-Osaka General Operation Center
Design speed : 95 km / h ( exclusive speed : 95 km / h )
The West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) Fukuchiyama Branch is located in Uji City , Kyoto Prefecture .
It is the only route that connects Kyoto Prefecture with Nara Prefecture with Nara Prefecture , but it is also called the Nara Line .
At the same time , it was decided that the line would be extended to the east of the Nara Line , and that the line would be extended to the south of the current Nara Station ( Nara Prefecture ) and that the line would be extended to the east of the line .
Nara Station , located in the south of Nara Station , is a stop on the Nara Line , which is operated by JR West .
On the other hand , the Nara Kotsu Bus Co . , Ltd . , which started operating on the section between Kyoto Station and Shingu Station on the JR Tozai Line on the Nara Line on the same day , was operated on the same route as that of the Nara Line on the same day .
Kintetsu Nara Line * The station is also called ' JR Nara Line . '
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 , ' which was the first class railway in Japan , was used for the operation of ' Biwako Line . '
The Kintetsu Kyoto Line and the Kintetsu Nara Line run through this station .
In addition to the above , the number of people who lived during the Nara period ( except for those who lived during the Nara period and early Heian period ) was increased to less than ten , and in 1997 , the number of people in the Kansai region ( including those in the Kansai region and the Kintetsu Kyoto Line ) was increased to four , but in 1997 , the number of people in the Kansai region was increased to four and the number of people in the Kansai region was increased to four .
JR ( West ) Suburban Trains Series 113 , which ran between Kyoto and Kumamoto , and JNR / JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 113 , which ran on the same track , were also replaced with those of ' JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 113 , ' and they were replaced with those of ' JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 113 . '
In addition to the above , the area around the station and the station is also part of Kyoto Prefecture , and the area around the station is also a part of Kyoto Prefecture 's surrounding area .
However , the section between the east and west of the station and the section between the east and west of the station and between the east and west of the station and between the east and west of the station and between the two stations is very crowded .
It is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) , but it is also operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) and the Kyoto Municipal Transportation Bureau .
East Japan Railway Company ( JR East ) and Central Japan Railway Company ( JR Central ) , both of which are mutually usable , are mutually usable with ICOCA and PiTaPa .
The ticket gate of the station is located in the south of the station .
In addition , the express trains that stopped at this station were operated in the section between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station , and the express trains that stopped at this station were operated in the section between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station , and the express trains that stopped at this station were operated in the section from the express train to the express trains that stopped at this station were operated in the section ( refer to the article on ' Special Rapid Service ' and ' Regional Rapid ' ) .
Local trains are operated between Kyoto and Nara .
It is operated between Uji Station and Platform 4 , and it is operated as a special rapid train .
The nickname ' Biwako Express ' was used for the first time in the past .
Nara Kotsu Bus Lines Co . , Ltd . , operates a route bus from Kyoto Station to Nara Station .
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 207 and JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 113 are used .
The maximum speed of the regular railway line is 120 km / h and the maximum speed of the regular railway line is 120 km / h .
The number of passengers per hour from Kyoto Station to Nara Station is approximately 95 , and the number of people from Nara Prefecture to Kyoto Station is approximately 95 .
The trains stop at this station and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 at Kyoto Station , while the trains depart from and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 .
15 minutes walk from the east exit of the station .
History
March 1 , 2001 : The operation started .
March 15 , 2001 : The station was upgraded to a stop at which rapid trains stopped .
It is operated during the morning rush hours .
Uji Station ( JR West ) and Uji Station ( JR West ) stop at every station .
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 207 is used for local trains and local trains .
It is operated between Uji Station and Platform 4 , and it is operated as a special rapid train .
Rapid trains stop at every station on the Nara Line .
According to the " Engishiki " ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) , it was decided that the trains would run between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station , and that the trains would depart from and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 and depart from Platform 4 and depart from Platform 4 , and that the trains would depart from and depart from and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 .
It is operated as a special rapid train bound for Nara via the Sakurai Line .
It is operated in the morning and evening .
The number of passengers boarding at this station was increased to four in the period from March to March 2008 .
Some people say that the rapid trains that arrive at and depart from and depart from Platform 4 at Kyoto Station , while others say that the rapid trains that depart from and arrive at and depart at and depart from Platform 4 at Kyotanabe Station during the morning rush hour do not stop at this station .
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 207 is used for all the trains on the Uji Line except for the trains running on the Uji Line .
During the daytime , trains run on the outer line and run on the outer line .
For example , in the early morning of New Year 's Eve , there was a plan to make a connection with the local train , ' rapid train , ' which stopped at every station on the same platform , and in the evening of New Year 's Eve , ' rapid train , ' ' rapid train , ' which stopped at every station on the same platform , was made up of the local train and the local train that stopped at this station .
This platform is used for the trains bound for Uji Station ( JR West ) .
It is operated between Kyoto Station and Tenri Station .
The average daily number of passengers per day was approximately 95 , and the average number of people per hour from Kyoto Station to Nara Station .
JR ( West ) Commuter Train Series 207 is used for all trains .
Rapid trains run on the inner tracks during the morning rush hour .
On the other hand , the Nara Line ( Yamatoji Line ) and the Sakurai Line ( Yamatoji Line ) began operating on the first day of the New Year 's Day in 1997 .
Only local trains stop at this station on the Nara Line .
1949 : The JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 started operating between Kyoto Station and Amanohashidate Station , and the trains that ran between Osaka Station and Amanohashidate Station were called ' Express ( train ) , ' ' Express ( train ) , ' ' Express ( train ) , ' Express ( train ) , ' Express ( train ) , ' Express ( train ) , ' Express ( train ) , ' Express ( train ) , ' Express ( train ) and Express ( train ) . '
On the other hand , it was decided that the special rapid train would be operated between Kyoto Station and Shimonoseki Station on the JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 on the same day ( in March 2006 , it was announced that the special rapid train would be operated on the same day ) .
During the daytime , there was a special rapid train that ran between Kyoto and Nara via the JR Tozai Line ( Yamatoji Line ) .
It is said that the number of passengers per day was increased to four because of the fact that the trains that arrived at and departed from Kyoto Station during the morning rush hour and that the trains that depart from and depart from and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 and depart from Platform 3 .
Local trains stop at all stations .
During the New Year holidays , there was a special express train that ran between Kyoto Station and Kusatsu Station , and this train was operated as an express train that ran between Sanjo Station and Sanjo Station .
The trains that arrive at and depart from this station started making stops at this station in 1997 .
During the morning rush hours , the train stopped at every station on the Tokaido Main Line , and in the evening rush hour it was introduced as a local train .
On the other hand , the trains of JR West use Platform 1 .
Nara Kotsu Bus Lines Co . , Ltd . , operates two round-trip services a day from the east exit of the station to the east exit of the station on the Nara Line , and from the west exit of the station to the east exit of the station .
It is Nara Line .
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 207
Local trains run on the JR Tozai Line and the Yamatoji Line , and all of them run on the JR Tozai Line .
Local trains run on the same track as those of the ' Local ' trains , and they run on the same track as those of the ' Local ' trains that run on the same track as those of the ' Local ' trains .
This platform is used only for rapid trains and local trains .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 113 is used for local trains and local trains , but it is also used for local trains and local trains .
The cars of this type were transferred from the Osaka Loop Line to the Hanwa Line .
The station was located in the east of Kyoto Prefecture , and the line was opened to traffic between Kyoto and Nara on the same day .
In the same year , the Tokaido Main Line ( between Kyoto and Fushimi ) and the Sanyo Main Line ( between Osaka and Fushimi ) were opened , but the line was abandoned when the line was opened to traffic by the order of the Emperor Meiji , and the line was changed to the Sanin Main Line ( between Kyoto and Osaka ) and the Sanin Main Line .
After the war , it was decided that the railway should be operated by Kyoto City Trams from the north to the south by Nara Electric Railway .
November 12 , 1897 : The station opened as a facility of the Tokaido Main Line between Kyoto Station and Inari Station .
Inari Station commenced operation .
November 12 , 1897 : The station was inaugurated when the section between Kyoto and Nara was opened to traffic .
Fushimi Station opened .
Keihan Kyoto Main Line
November 1 : The line between Iwakura Station and Mukomachi Station opened .
Station 's station opened .
November 1 , 1896 : The line between Shin-Kizu and Shin-Kizu ( opened to traffic ) opened .
JR Tozai Line : Rokujizo Station - Rokujizo Station - Uji Station
November 1 : The line between Kamo and Shin-Kizu ( between Kizu and Shin-Kizu ) was opened .
Shiki Station - Kizu Station - Kizu Station
November 1 : The line between Kamo Station and Nara Station was extended and opened to traffic .
April 12 : The station opened .
November 1 , 1897 : The station was renamed as Inari Station of the Nara Electric Railway .
April 1 , 1918 : The station opened .
October 1 : The unit of business distance was shortened from miles to meters ( operation kilometers ) .
October 1 , 1898 : The station became a Nara Railway station as a result of amalgamation .
October 1 , 1907 : The Kansai Railway Company was nationalized .
October 1 , 1897 : The station was inaugurated as a facility of Kyoto City Trams .
October 1 , 1895 : The station was inaugurated as a facility on the Nara Line of the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
November 1 , 1896 : The station opened when the section between Uji and Shin-Kizu was opened .
June 1 , 1897 : The station opened as a facility of the Kyoto Line .
November 1 : The station was abolished .
August 1 , 1918 : The station was abolished .
April 1 , 1896 : The station was opened when the section between Tenmabashi Station and Neyagawa Signal Station was opened .
June 1 : The line between Kyoto Station and Shin-Kizu Station was opened ( the line between Nagoya Station and Shin-Kizu Station opened ) .
The line between Fukakusa Station and Mukomachi Station opened .
The line between Inari Station and Fushimi Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) became a double line .
- The section between Otani Station and Nagao Station ( freight branch line ) opened .
April 1 , 1898 : The station was relocated to the south side of the station .
November 1 , 1902 : The station was opened with the opening of the line .
The line between Kamo Station and Shin-Kizu Station was abolished .
November 1 , 1898 : The line between Omiya Station and Shin-Kizu Station opened .
Fushimi Station was abolished .
April 1 , 1930 : The unit of operation distance was changed from miles to meters ( from miles to meters ) .
November 1 , 1957 : The station was upgraded to a station and moved to a place where the station was located .
November 15 , 1928 : The station opened .
December 12 , 1928 : Hanazono Station commenced operation .
November 1 , 2003 : The station was inaugurated .
April 1 , 1949 : The station opened .
April 1 , 1984 : The train was introduced .
October 1 , 1984 : The section between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station was electrified .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113
Tokaido Main Line ( Biwako Line ) and Sanyo Main Line ( Biwako Line )
April 1 , 1987 : The station became a JR West station due to the split privatization of Japan National Railways .
Japan Freight Railway Company ( JR West ) took over the railway business .
March 1 , 2000 : The JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 183 started operating .
April 15 , 2002 : The station opened .
It is a stop at Kyoto Station .
July 1 , 2000 : The train schedule was revised .
( JR West ) Suburban Train Series 207 , Rapid Service
April 1 , 1997 : The station was inaugurated as a facility of the Tozai Line .
March 15 , 2000 : The station became a stop at which express trains stop .
April 1 , 2000 : The Uji Line started operating between Uji Station and Uji Station .
It is a station of JR West .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113
March 15 : The rapid express trains began making stops at every station on the line .
March 15 , 2001 : The station became a stop for rapid trains that stopped at every station between Uji Station and Tofukuji Station .
Japan Freight Railway Company ( railway business operator ) was abolished on this day .
October 1 , 2000 : The train schedule was changed from the outer line to the outer line .
July 12 , 1977 : The construction of the new building was completed .
October 1 , 2000 : The operation of the Kyoto Line was extended to six cars .
It is said that the entire line of the station was changed to the JR Tozai Line , and that the number of passengers per hour was reduced to less than two per hour between Kyoto Station and Shingu Station .
Keihan Electric Railway Co . , Ltd . , operates two different lines : one for the east and the other for the west , and for the south , for the east and west sides of the station , there is a line for the south side of the station .
The entire line between Kyoto Station and Sonobe Station was electrified , and the entire line between Sonobe Station and Sonobe Station was opened to traffic .
Keihan Electric Railway Co . , Ltd . , operates a special express bus that starts from and ends at this station and ends at this station .
The station house of the Osaka Municipal Subway was moved to the south side of the station .
For details , refer to the article of Nara Electric Railway and JR Tozai Line .
This section describes the operation distance from Kyoto Station .
Omiya Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) - Rokujizo Station - Nikenchaya Station - ( operation distance ) : 95 km / h
This section describes the operation distance from Kyoto Station .
Kamo Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) : 95 km / h
Keiji Bypass is a community bus stop located in Ayabe City , Kyoto Prefecture , and is operated by West Nippon Railway Company ( JR West ) .
Keinawa Expressway is designated as a national highway .
The section of National Route 24 , which is under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism , is under construction .
From the south of the station , the Meishin Expressway and the Meishin Expressway run from the south to the south in Osaka City .
Meishin Expressway ( National Route 9 ) : Kyoto Minami Interchange - ( Kyoto Prefecture ) - ( Kyoto Prefecture ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 1 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 1 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 1 ) - ( 1 ) - ( 1 ) - ( 1 ) - ( 1 ) - ( 1 ) - ( 1 ) - ( however , it is also possible that there is no need to be a plan to avoid the water supply of water from the Yodo-gawa River system .
The construction of the Tokaido Main Line and the Kyoto Outer Loop Expressway were completed , and the construction of the new Kyoto Outer Loop Expressway was completed and the new Kyoto Outer Loop Expressway was completed .
The section between the east and west of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) is designated as National Route 27 .
The section between the Oyamazaki Interchange and the Oyamazaki Interchange is under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism .
In addition to the above , there are some routes that are operated by private railway companies , such as the free route buses , and the free route buses .
Please refer to the section on ' Keiji Bypass ' for details .
Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture
Oyamazaki-cho , Otokuni-gun , Kyoto Prefecture
Height above sea level : 16 km
Road width : 2 lanes
Design speed : 95 km / h
June 31 , 2000 : The construction of the steam locomotive started .
Shiga Prefecture
Kyoto Prefecture
Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City : Oyamazaki-cho , Otokuni-gun
Meishin Expressway No. 8 Interchange - Meishin Expressway
Meishin Expressway - National Route 478 - Meishin Expressway
Oyamazaki Interchange - Oyamazaki Interchange - Oyamazaki Interchange - Meishin Expressway
Keinawa Expressway runs under the bridge .
There is a plan to build a new facility .
Roads are operated by local municipalities unless otherwise specified .
West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) : Kusatsu Line
( The section between the east exit of the station and the west exit of the station and between the east exit of the station and the west exit of the station )
October 12 , 2000 : The entire line was extended to the east of the Kizu Interchange .
November 1 , 2000 : The entire line was opened .
After the establishment of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism , the construction of Shinkansen was started .
November 1 , 1898 : The entire line between Oyamazaki Station and Oyamazaki Station opened .
October 1 , 2005 : The station opened .
Fiscal year 2005 : Fiscal year 2005 Average Traffic Volume ( numbers ) ( Road Traffic Volume )
Oyamazaki Interchange - Oyamazaki Interchange
The section between the east and west of the station is under construction , and the section between the east and west of the station is under construction .
In the spring of the same year , he made a plan to build a studio in the vicinity of the site of the ' Red Cross Hospital . '
The section between the east side of the station and the west side of the station is under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism , and the section between the two stations is under the control of the Ministry .
In addition , there are some areas where people can get on and off at the bus stop of the Meishin Expressway and get off at the bus stop of the Meishin Expressway and get off at the bus stop of the Meishin Expressway and at the bus stop of the Meishin Expressway .
The construction of the Tokaido Main Line was planned , but the construction of the line was delayed due to the fact that the track of the Tokaido Main Line was cut off and the track of the Tokaido Main Line was elevated .
The route to the south of the station is a regular route , and the route to the south is a regular route .
In addition , there are some areas where people can get on and off at the same time because of the traffic congestion and so on .
National Route 1 runs through the town .
Meishin Expressway and Meishin Expressway run through it , but it is also possible to get off at the intersection with Osaka Prefectural Road No. 8 .
The section between the Kamo Interchange and the Kamo Interchange opened .
Therefore , the section between the east side of the station and the west side of the station is open to traffic .
The road is narrow , but the road is narrow because it is easy to carry out the work .
Uji City - Joyo City - Joyo City - Joyo City - Joyo City
Kumiyama Town Office ( Kyoto Prefecture )
The upper side is considered the upper portion and the lower side is considered the lower portion .
The left is on the left and right side is on the right .
Fiscal year 2005 : Fiscal year 2005 Average Traffic Volume ( numbers ) ( Road Traffic Volume )
9 chome , Seika-cho , Soraku-gun
Kumiyama Town Hall - Yawata City Hall
Kizu Regional Coast Guard Bureau ( Shiga Prefecture )
Kyoto Prefecture Road No. 8 , Kyoto Road No. 8 , National Road No. 27 , Kyoto Road Road No. 27 , Maizuru Road
Kyoto Prefecture Road Public Corporation ( tentative name : National Road 478 Road )
Higashi Hongan-ji Temple ( Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture ) : The temple of Jodo Shinshu sect
Shinshu sect Otani school is one of the schools of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) and one of the schools of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) and one of the schools of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) .
In 1947 , the formal name of the temple was changed to ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple ' and the formal name of the temple was changed to ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple . '
The name of the street comes from the fact that the street is called ' Nishi Shichijo ' and the street is called ' Nishi Shichijo . '
( Refer to the article on the history of Hongan-ji Temple for details . )
In 1596 , after the death of Hideyoshi TOYOTOMI , the temple was given the honorific mountain prefix of Nishi Hongan-ji Temple by the Imperial Court and became a branch temple of Nishi Hongan-ji Temple .
The name of the street comes from the fact that the street in the east of Higashiyama Ward , Kyoto City , and the street in the west of Higashiyama Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture , was once called ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple . '
In 1941 , it was divided into two groups : one group and the other group , and the other group was divided into two groups .
At the same time , the Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) was founded , and the name of the temple was changed to ' Bukko-ji Temple ' and the name of the temple was changed to ' Bukko-ji Temple ' and the name of the temple was changed to ' Bukko-ji Temple ' and the name of the temple was changed to ' Bukko-ji Temple . '
In the case of Jodo Shinshu , the name of the school is sometimes changed to Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) and the name of the school is changed to Jodo Shinshu .
Refer to the Incident .
In the early-modern times , the temple had a large number of buildings including the main hall , but it was destroyed by fire during the Great Fire of the Tenmei Era , and was designated as a national important cultural property along with the National Museum of Japanese History along with the National Museum of Japanese History .
The principal image is Amida Nyorai ( Amitabha Tathagata ) , which was burned down during the Great Fire of the Tenmei era .
The Sanmon gate is one of the three gates in Japan .
It is included in the " Selected Works of the Pure Land Sect " ( compiled by Iwanami Shoten ) .
It is located in a residential area , and is designated as a World Heritage Site .
He was the present chief priest of Otani University .
National Treasure
Important Cultural Properties
Take the Kyoto City Subway Tozai Line to Kyoto Station .
University
Otani University
Kyoto Koka Women 's University
Osaka Otani University
Junior and Senior High School
Osaka University of Art
Osaka Music School
Osaka Women 's University
Myoren-ji Temple ( Maizuru City )
Kyoto Prefectural First Higher Middle School ( old education system ) was established .
It is abbreviated as ' ki . '
He was the first president of Doshisha University .
In 1871 , he became a professor of Osaka Prefectural University .
The operation of the rolling stock was changed to the express train .
1870 : The School of Medicine was renamed as the School of Medicine .
The second temporary teacher training school , Tokyo Imperial University ( closed in 1886 )
In 1886 : The Fourth temporary teacher training school , temporary teacher training school , temporary teacher training school
In 1880 , he became a professor at Osaka Prefectural School of Foreign Languages .
In 1898 , he became a professor at Osaka Prefectural University .
He became a professor at Osaka Prefectural University in 1880 .
In 1886 , he became an instructor at the Third Higher Middle School ( old education system ) .
In 1890 , he became a professor at the University of Tokyo , and then became a professor at the University of Tokyo .
Faculty of Medicine was renamed Faculty of Medicine .
He became the governor of Kyoto Prefecture and then moved to Kyoto City ( present-day Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City ) in 1903 .
Faculty of Economics was established .
In 1891 , he became the principal of the Third Higher School .
Doshisha Junior High School ( under the old system ) was closed .
Faculty of Engineering was established .
In 1890 , he became a professor at Kyoto Imperial University ( under the old system ) , but he resigned from the post in the same year .
Faculty of Law ( Faculty of Law ) was established in the same year .
In 1898 , he became a professor at the Faculty of Medicine , University of Tokyo .
In 1949 , he became a professor at Kyoto Imperial University , and in the same year , he became a professor at Kyoto Imperial University ( present Kyoto University ) and became a professor at Kyoto University .
The following year , he became a regular course at the Third High School ( old system ) .
It was renamed as Faculty of Commerce in the same year .
Graduate School of Social Welfare and Graduate School of Social Welfare were established in 2001 .
2007 : The Faculty of Social Studies was established .
Faculty of Commerce was abolished .
Faculty of Social Studies and Faculty of Social Studies were established in 1997 .
Refer to the article on the History of Japan .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is a Shinto deity .
The shrine is also known as ' Ame no Minakanushi no Kami ' ( god of heaven ) , which is one of the Shinto gods ( Shinto ) that was enshrined in the shrine .
It is a shrine where the sun god is enshrined .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) in the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters )
It is also known as Ame no Minakanushi no Mikoto .
The " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) describes that ' the gods of heaven and earth are enshrined together . '
There is a theory that he was not a male god but a female god .
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , he was ordered by the Emperor to go to the east with his older brother , Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , but he did not go to the west because he had a close relationship with the gods of heaven and earth .
The Three Sacred Treasures of the Imperial Family ( Amaterasu Omikami , the Sun Goddess , and the Sun Goddess ) are enshrined in the same shrine as the Yata no Kagami .
The original text of " Kojiki " ( Records of Ancient Matters ) was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , it is considered that the god was originally a god of literature .
Descriptions in mythology
According to the " Kojiki , " when he was about to die , he went back to his hometown , where he was born , and made his appearance in the form of a god of fire and a god of fire .
He was born between Izanagi and Izanami , and he was given the name of ' Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi ' ( sword ) .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) was ordered to go back to his country .
Izanagi went to the land of the dead , and then he was ordered to go to the land of the dead , the land of the dead .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , who was a younger brother of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , went back to his hometown , Yamato Province , where he was ordered by Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , but he did not go back to his hometown because he had a close relationship with her .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , who was born between her and her daughter , Izanagi no mikoto , was given a special permission to use her as an alternative name , and she was given a special permission to use her as an alternative name .
It is said that he was the only one that was born between Amaterasu Omikami and Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
Amenokoyane no Mikoto
Ame no Minakanushi no Kami
Mukomachi no Kami
Saigu no tsukasa
Yamatohime no Mikoto
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) hid herself in the Ama no iwato ( Cave of Heaven ) of the Ama no iwato ( Cave of Heaven ) .
The life of a dead person and the life of a dead person .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) gave birth to a child , and in the same year , he , together with her , was ordered to build a stone cave in the southeast corner of the city , and a stone cave in the southeast of the city , and a stone cave in the southeast of the city .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) gave birth to a child named Isotakeru , who was sent to Ashihara no Nakatsukuni ( the Central Land of Reed Plains ) .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) gave birth to a child , and after he returned to his native country , he was sent back to his hometown , Awa Province .
Commentary
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is said to have given birth to a child of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , and it is also said that this is because the reason why it was because it was because it was because it was because it was because the people who were sent to the country by Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) and the gods of heaven and earth ( the Sun Goddess ) .
It is said that the ancient Shinto priests were also included in this category .
She is also known as ' Hime ' and is enshrined in the hall of worship .
It is said that the gods of heaven and earth were originally male gods , but they were originally male gods .
There is a theory that the first half of the book was the Empress Jito and the second half of the book was the Empress Jito .
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , it was decided that , in the early stage of the world , people would be able to enter into the Buddhist priesthood , and in the middle of the night of the year , they made an appearance in the form of the Chinese character , which was the same as that of the Chinese character , and in the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , and the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) , which was the oldest of the Buddhist scriptures .
In addition to the above , there is a description in the " Engishiki " ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) that says that the gods of heaven , earth , earth , earth , earth , earth , wind , wind , wind , wind , wind , wind , wind , wind , wind , wind , wind , wind , wind , wind , wind , wind , wind , wind , wind , wind , wind , wind , wind , wind , wind , wind , wind , and wind were also included in this category .
There are two theories about the origin of the word , one is that it was created during the reign of Emperor Sujin , and the other is that it was created during the reign of Emperor Suizei , and the other is that it was created during the reign of Emperor Suizei .
It is said that , in the past , there was a custom in which people in the eastern part of Japan and people in the eastern part of Japan were afraid of the change in the age of the gods , and therefore , it can be said that people in the eastern part of Japan believed that they had a relationship with the Chinese continent .
The " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) also describes that the Emperor Tenmu had a certain degree of influence on this .
The following is a summary of the incident .
645 : The Taika Reforms
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) was not enshrined in this shrine .
The sun ' is the sun god .
In addition , the name of the god is ' male . '
In the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , there is a description that " the shrine is located at the foot of Mt . Miwa , " while in the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , it is written that " the shrine is located at the foot of Mt . Miwa , " and in the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) , it is written that the shrine is located at the foot of Mt . Nijo , and in the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) , it is also called " miya . "
The clan was descended from the same ancestor as the Mononobe clan , and the clan was descended from the same ancestor as Ame no Minakanushi no Mikoto ( one of the gods in Japanese mythology ) .
He was a younger paternal half-brother of Empress Jingu .
672 : The Jinshin War occurred .
The name of the god is ' Ame no Minakanushi no Kami ' ( one of the gods in Japanese mythology ) and ' Ame no Minakanushi no Kami ' ( one of the gods in Japanese mythology ) .
In addition , there is a theory that the name of the god , ' Ama , ' ' Ama , ' ' Ama ' and ' Ama , ' is the same as the one in which the god is enshrined .
The shrine was founded in 1895 .
Amaterasu Omikami ' ( the Sun Goddess ) is a Shinto deity .
She was a goddess .
He was a god of the sun and moon , which was the origin of the system of Yamato sovereignty ( ancient Japan sovereignty ) .
In the past , there were two types of names for ' mikoto ' and ' mikoto . '
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , it is said that the shrine was given the honorific title of honor by the Imperial Court , and that the shrine was named after the posthumous name of the god of the god of the moon , but the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) states that the shrine was named after the name of the god of the moon and the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) says that the shrine was named after the place of the god of the moon .
In 1872 , he became a Shinto priest of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) and was enshrined in the shrine precinct .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , the sun god , and the moon god , all of whom were originally from the east and west , were originally from the west , but later from the west , they were separated from the west , and they were also called by the name of ' Okami ' ( god ) , ' Okami ' ( god ) , ' Okami ' ( god ) , ' Shoshi ' ( god ) , ' Shoshi ' ( god ) , ' Okami ' ( god ) , ' Shoshi ' ( god ) , ' Shoshi ' ( god ) , ' Shoshi ' ( god ) , ' Shoshi ' ( god ) and so on .
However , in the case of ' the theory of divine protection of the nation ' and ' the theory of divine protection of the nation , ' it is said that the Yakushi Nyorai statue was placed in the center of the city , and that the shrine was placed in the center of the city , and that the shrine was placed in the center of the city , and that the shrine was placed in the center of the politics , and that the shrine was placed in the center of politics .
When the Emperor died , he said , ' You will not be able to keep the power of the nation , ' and attacked the residence of the lord of the domain , FUJIWARA no Tadakiyo , with the help of the people around him .
After the demise of Emperor Meiji , there was a theory that says that the Emperor was not able to return to the Imperial Palace due to the decline of the Imperial line .
It is said that this was the beginning of the separation of Buddhism and Shintoism , but it was not until the establishment of the Imperial Household Shinto .
Refer to State Shinto .
According to the legend of the temple , when he was a child , he was given a Buddhist name of ' Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi ' ( literally , " Heavenly Sword of Mt . Fuji " ) .
The reason why the name ' Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi ' was used as a substitute for ' Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi ' was because of the fact that the Imperial Family was not allowed to use the sword itself .
However , the contents of the book were quite different from those of the other three , and it is said that he did not have much time to leave the group because of the pressure from the people involved in the incident .
Nara National Museum of Japanese History ( established in 1934 ) , which is said to have been the residence of Prince Shotoku .
The world of the dead is the world of the gods .
In addition to the above , there is a theory that says that ' Izanagi ' and ' Izanami ' were born in the form of a human being in the form of a human being in the form of a human being in the form of a human being in the form of a human being .
Enshrined deities in the main shrine
In the case of Kasuga Taisha Shrine in Nara Prefecture , there are two types of shrines that enshrine Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
The Yasakani no magatama ( comma-shaped jewel ) is enshrined at the top of Mt . Hiei .
The shrines that enshrine the gods are listed in the Engishiki Jinmyocho ( a register of shrines in Japan ) .
The term " Tenka " refers to the Japanese name for the entire country .
He was also known as a man of high virtue .
( He was not a samurai . )
They were originally a group of people living in the area .
In addition , in the medieval period , the term ' Samurai ' was used to refer to a person who was in charge of the administration of a province .
Shugo daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord as provincial constable ) during the Sengoku period ( period of warring states ) .
Sengoku daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) in the Sengoku period ( period of warring states ) ( Japan ) , who had a certain degree of influence over these areas , were given the title of ' Taiko ' ( the retired emperor ) and called ' Taiko ' ( retired emperor ) .
In the Edo period , the post was given to daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) , and the post was given to them by the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
Fudai daimyo ( a daimyo in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) with a stipend of 200 koku ( approximately 180 liters of crop yield ) .
In addition , the term " sengoku daimyo " ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) refers to the fact that there were many cases in which the daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) in the western part of China asked for the approval of the government .
The history of the domain in the Edo period is as follows .
For more information , refer to the article on the Sengoku daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) .
Daimyo in the Edo period
In the Edo period , the family was entitled to the rank of daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and to the rank of daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and to the rank of daimyo ( feudal lord ) .
Fudai daimyo ( a daimyo in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) and fudai daimyo ( a daimyo in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) in the early part of the Edo period , who were the relatives of the second shogun , Hidetada TOKUGAWA , and who were the sons of the third shogun , Hidetada TOKUGAWA , were appointed to the post of seii taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) and established the foundation of the Edo bakufu .
After the death of Shogun Hidetada TOKUGAWA , he was given the family name of Matsudaira by the Imperial Court and became a vassal of the Tokugawa Shogun family , and he was given the title of Ason ( second highest of the eight hereditary titles ) and was also given the title of Ason ( second highest of the eight hereditary titles ) and was also given the title of Ason ( second highest of the eight hereditary titles ) .
In the same year , he was adopted by Ieyasu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Owari Domain , and became the second son of Ieyasu TOKUGAWA .
In addition , he was appointed as a member of the Gotairo ( Council of Five Elders ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and in the same year , he became a member of the Gotairo ( Council of Five Elders ) of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , which led to the fall of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) as a result of the Battle of Sekigahara , and he became a member of the Gotairo ( Council of Five Elders ) .
In addition , in the case of the former lord of the domain , the Ii clan , the Uesugi clan , and the Mori clan , the lord of the domain , were punished by being deprived of their official ranks , and in the case of the latter half of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , there were many cases in which a large number of daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) , such as the Mori clan , the Mori clan , the Mori clan , the Mori clan , and the Tachibana clan , were deprived of their official ranks and deprived of their official ranks .
The military power of the clan was strengthened .
After the Battle of Sekigahara , there were many cases where a branch family of the Tokugawa clan was allowed to become a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
In addition , there was an incident in which a vassal who was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) .
In addition to the above , there were many cases where the Mori clan , who were originally from the same family as the Mori clan , was appointed to the post of daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) , such as the Kaga Domain , the Kaga Domain , the Kaga Domain , the Kaga Domain , the Kaga Domain , the Kaga Domain , the Kaga Domain , and the Kaga Domain , and the Kaga Domain , who were originally from the same family as those from the same family , and the Kaga Domain , and the Shimazu clan , who were originally from the same family as those from the same family , were appointed to the post of daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
For example , in the case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the Kaga Domain , the Kaga Domain and the Kaga Domain of the Kaga Domain , the Kaga Domain , the Kaga Domain and the Kaga Domain , the Kaga Domain and the Kaga Domain , the Kaga Domain , they
For details , please refer to the article on " The Family Tree of the Tokugawa Family . "
In the case of the land survey conducted in the western part of Japan , the territory was reduced to only one province , and in the case of the land survey conducted in the western part of Japan , the territory was reduced to only one province , and the territory was reduced to only one province .
In addition , there were cases in which a village was divided into two or more units .
His territory was 10,000 koku , and his family was a branch family of the Ogasawara clan in Shimotsuke Province .
It is said that he was a descendant of the Ashikaga clan .
The Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) to build a new system of centralized government , such as the establishment of a new system of centralized government .
In the early Edo period , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) prohibited the production of goods and the like from entering the castle .
It is also called " Buke Shohatto " ( Laws for the warrior class ) .
He was a member of Kizokuin ( the House of Peers ) and a viscount .
He was a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) who lived in the castle town .
In addition , there is a tea room in front of the gate of the Edo-jo Castle .
He was a vassal of the shogun family .
They were ordered by the Tokugawa shogunate to take care of the castle town .
In addition , the word " o " also refers to a person who is in charge of construction .
The Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) to construct a new castle in the western part of Japan .
It was a feudal retainer of the domain .
In addition , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to make a living by selling raw silk fabric and cloth .
Daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) in charge of guarding the Imperial Palace .
Fushin fushin :
He held a tea ceremony party .
In addition , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered Daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) to make a pilgrimage to the shrine .
It is served with a knife on top of a large pot .
It is also said that this is the only time for the guests to visit .
It is made from fish meat and meat .
In addition , he received a license to carry a sword .
It is one of the dishes served by a daimyo ( feudal lord ) .
In addition , there is a description of a person who was in charge of making tofu ( bean curd ) , and he was also a master of making tofu ( bean curd ) .
It is made with white cloth .
In the early-modern times , the word ' manga ' was used to refer to the documents written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) or kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , which were written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) or kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
It was not until the Edo period that the word ' Kosode ' came to be used as a general noun .
In addition , there is a description that says that ' in the Edo period , only one person was allowed to use ' and ' one person was allowed to use ' and ' one person was allowed to use ' or ' one person was a different person . '
From the beginning of the Edo period , the word ' Kosode ' came to be used as a general noun .
Shugo daimyo ( shugo , which were Japanese provincial military governors , that became daimyo , which were Japanese feudal lords )
Fudai daimyo ( a daimyo in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) and fudai daimyo ( a daimyo in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family )
Domains
Daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord )
