The mausoleum
Eisai was a Buddhist monk who lived in the early Kamakura period .
Founder of the Soto Sect .
At that time , he was known as a master of calligraphy .
It is also referred to as ' sei . '
His shigo ( posthumous name ) was Daito Kokushi .
He was also known as Dogen .
It is said that the custom of placing hot water into a pot and placing hot water into a pot is common in Japan .
It is said that the origin of the name is from the fact that it was made from the trees of trees and trees of trees .
His father was MINAMOTO no Yoritomo , and his official court rank was Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) Gon Dainagon ( a provisional chief councilor of state ) .
His father was MINAMOTO no Yoritomo , who had the title of Gon Dainagon ( provisional chief councilor of state ) , and his mother was a daughter of MINAMOTO no Yoshinaka , who had the title of Ukyo no daibu ( Master of the Western Capital Offices ) .
His father was MINAMOTO no Akifusa , who was Udaijin ( minister of the right ) .
His first wife was a daughter of Yoshitsune KUJO , and later he was promoted to Chunagon ( vice-councilor of state ) ( " Genpei Seisui ki " ( Rise and Fall of the Minamoto and the Taira clans ) ) .
It is said that he had no choice but to make his daughter marry into the Kujo family after the death of his older brother , FUJIWARA no Teika , and he was appointed as Kanpaku ( chief advisor to the Emperor ) .
There is a theory that says that he was a child of Shinran , and that he was a child of Shinran .
It is said that the first half of ' Commentary on the Pure Land ' was " Commentary on the Meditation Sutra . "
In the same year , he became a priest in Mt . Hiei with his father .
In the same year , he became a priest and was given the title of Daishi ( a title of honor given to a Buddhist priest ) of Mt . Hiei .
He became a priest of Enryaku-ji Temple on Mt . Hiei in Tendai Sect .
In 1225 , he became a priest of Tofuku-ji Temple on Mt . Koya .
In the same year , he went to China , and in the same year , he became a priest of the Soto sect at Mt . Hiei , and he founded the Soto sect .
He returned to Japan in 1212 .
He became the chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple in Kyoto City .
After the incident , he lived in Mt . Hiei .
He was appointed to the Governor of Echizen Province by the order of his father in March , 1939 .
The origin of the name of the residence was the residence of the chief retainer of the Hosokawa clan in Ono Village , Kadono County , Omi Province ( the present Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture ) .
In 1602 , he founded Kosho-ji Temple in Izumi Province .
In the same year , he succeeded to the position of chief priest of Tofuku-ji Temple and changed his name to Tofuku-ji Temple .
In the same year , he went to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his younger brother , FUJIWARA no Yoritsune .
It was in the Kamakura period when the Zen sect was introduced to Japan , but it was in fact brought back to Japan in August of the same year .
In the same year , he died at the age of 44 , and he succeeded to the position of chief priest of Tofuku-ji Temple on Mt . Koya , but he died at the age of 44 in the same year .
It is said that he died of illness .
In the case of the Buddha 's sariras , it is difficult to keep the original form of the Buddha 's teachings , so that it is difficult to keep the original form of the Buddha 's teachings in the same way as in the case of the Buddha 's teachings , so that it is difficult to keep the original form of the Buddha 's teachings in the same way as the Buddha 's teachings .
It is said that the Nichiren sect did not have a long history , but had a long history and a long history .
It is the way to become a Buddha and to become a Buddha .
The following is an example :
3 . All of them are good and evil .
It is said that the number of people who were not allowed to enter the Buddhist priesthood was four .
The color of water and sand .
One of the reasons for the above is to pray to Buddha for the happiness of all living things and the happiness of all living things .
The three treasures of Buddhism .
The reason why he became a priest was that he did not go to the Pure Land but did not go to the Pure Land and that he did not go to the Pure Land to become a Buddha .
" Kuyo " ( Buddhist prayer )
" Commentary on the Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , published by Iwanami Shoten , 1972
" Shin Nihon Koten Bungaku Zenshu " ( The Complete Works of Modern Japanese Literature ) ( Iwanami Shoten , 1976 )
" Shin Nihon Koten Bungaku Taikei " ( The Complete Works of Japanese Classic Literature ) ( Iwanami Shoten , 1979 )
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " ( translated and annotated by Shokei SHIBATA ) ( Iwanami Shoten , 2001 )
" The Complete Works of Yukichi FUKUZAWA " ( Kodansha Ltd . , 1993 , Iwanami Shoten )
" The Analects of Confucius "
" Kuyo " ( Buddhist mass )
" The complete works of art " ( translated by Shokei SHIBATA , published by Kodansha Ltd . , 1979 )
" Shinsen Shojiroku " ( Newly Compiled Register of Shinto and Buddhism )
Dogen 's " Selected Verses on the Pure Land "
" How to deal with the world and the world " ( Written by Shokei SHIBATA , 1993 )
" Shin Nihon Koten Bungaku Zenshu " ( Complete Works of Japanese Classic Literature , Vol . 2 , Vol . 2 , vol . 2 , vol . 2 , Vol . 2 , Mt . Koya )
" Commentary on the Pure Land " ( Iwanami Shoten Publishing Co . , Ltd . , 1993 )
" Commentary on the Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , published by Iwanami Shoten , 1967
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra , " published by Iwanami Shoten , 1971
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " ( Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra ) ( Iwanami Shoten , 1999 )
It is a collection of books written by Shuho Myocho , and a collection of books written by Shuho Myocho .
List of books
" Selected Biography of Master Ikkyu " written by Kenko YOSHIDA
" Genji Monogatari Emaki " ( The Illustrated Scroll of the Tale of Genji ) ( owned by the Yomei Bunko Art Museum )
Color on silk portrait of Muso Kokushi inscribed by Shuho Myocho
" Commentary on the Meditation Sutra " ( Commentary on the Meditation Sutra ) , Volume 6 , 1919
" Bussetsu Muryoju-kyo " ( The Sutra of the Buddha of the Buddha of the Present ) , published by Iwanami Shoten Publishing Co . , Ltd . , 1972
" Nihon Koten Bungaku Taikei " ( Complete Collection of Japanese Classic Literature ) ( property of Tokyo National Museum )
" Collection of Buddhist Scriptures , Volume 3 , Volume 3 , " edited by Shuho Myocho , published by Daigo-ji Temple in 1966
" Bussetsu Muryoju-kyo " ( Sutra of the Buddha of the Most Victorious Kings Sutra ) ( Important Cultural Property )
The Asahi Shinbun newspaper was included in the ' Complete Works of Yukichi FUKUZAWA ' published by Iwanami Shoten .
His first appearance is in the novel ' Hana no Jin ' ( Flower Road ) ( by Ryotaro SHIBA ) .
It is included in " The Complete Works of Ryoma SAKAMOTO " ( published by Iwanami Shoten ) .
His last poem is included in the " Asahi Shinbun " published by Iwanami Shoten Publishing Co . , Ltd .
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " written by Sogi
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum ( Kyoto Prefecture ) : A museum located in front of the station , located in front of the station .
The company was founded as a result of the Kyoto Prefectural Government 's policy to promote the construction of a new station on the first day of the eighth month of the eighth year of the Showa era ( in 1928 ) , and the construction of a new station was completed on the second day of the eighth year of the Showa era ( in 1928 ) , and the construction of a new station was completed on the second day of the inauguration of the Japan National Railways ( in 1928 ) and the construction of a new station house was completed on the second floor of the Fukuchiyama Line .
In the wake of the division and privatization of JNR in 1987 , the station became a JR West station .
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum and Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum used to be in charge of the Fukuchiyama Line .
In the early Showa period , there was a growing demand for a new type of steam locomotive , but it was abandoned in the following year .
In addition to the above , there is a description in the ' History of Japan , ' which says that the head office of the school was located in front of the main gate of the main gate of the main building of the Imperial Palace in Hiroshima City , Hiroshima Prefecture , and the ' Historical Museum of Modern Art , ' which was built in the same year , was built in the vicinity of the main building of the main building of the main building of the Imperial Palace .
In the past , there were two types of steam locomotives , one was a model steam locomotive , and the other was a model steam locomotive , which was a model steam locomotive , and the other was a model steam locomotive .
The Museum of Kyoto is located on the east side of the second floor of the main building , and the Museum of Modern Art is located on the west side of the second floor .
April 1 , 1934 : The first floor was made of wood , and the second floor was made of wood , and the third floor was made of wood .
In 2004 , it was designated as a special historic site .
The main building of the Museum of Modern Art was built in front of the station , and the main building was built in front of the main building of the Museum of Modern Art , and the main building was built in front of the station in front of the station .
The station house was built on the former site of the former residence of MINAMOTO no Yoshitsune in Kyoto City , and it was completed in 1981 .
The construction of the new station house was completed in 1981 , and the construction of the new station house was completed in the following year ; the construction of the new station house was completed in Sagano , and the construction of the new station house was completed in Sagano in Kyoto ; the construction of the new station house was completed in Sagano ; and the construction of the new station house was completed in Sagano in Kyoto ; and the construction of the new station house was completed in Kyoto ; and the construction of the new station house was completed in the same year ; and the construction of the new station house was completed in the vicinity of the former Kyoto Station in the vicinity of the station house was completed in 1981 .
It was designated as a national important cultural property in 1996 .
In the early Showa period , there were two types of steam locomotives : one was made of wood , one was made of wood , and one was made of wood and one was made of wood .
In the past , there were two types of steam locomotives ; one was the first type and the other was the second type and the second type of steam locomotives were the second type of steam locomotives ; and the other was the second type and the fourth type of steam locomotives were the fourth type and the fourth type of steam locomotives were the fourth type and the fourth type of steam locomotives were the fourth type , respectively .
The trains that arrive at and depart from and depart from Platform 3 are operated in the section between Takarazuka Station and Amanohashidate Station , and the trains that depart from and arrive at and depart from Platform 3 are operated in the section between Takarazuka Station and Amanohashidate Station and in the section between Takarazuka Station and Amanohashidate Station .
In addition , there are some cases where only one train is allowed to stop at the same time as the regular train operation .
There are two types of steam locomotives , one is " steam locomotives " and the other is " steam locomotives . "
Uzumasa Station , located in the south of the station , is a temporary facility that was constructed on the second floor of the station , and the construction of a new station was completed on the second floor of the station , while the construction of a new station building was completed on the third floor of the Kyoto Station Building , and the construction of a new station house was completed on the third floor of the station .
The area around the station is also part of the area .
In the same year , the construction of steam locomotives was completed , and steam locomotives were transferred to the Japan Freight Railway Company .
plum blossoms
This is the origin of the word ' fusuma ' ( board ) .
In 2004 , the steam locomotive was used for the first time in Japan , and the steam locomotive was used for the second floor , and the steam locomotive was used for the third floor , and the steam locomotive was used for the fourth floor .
The reason why the name of the office was abolished was as of 2008 .
The actual number of seats is two , but the actual number of seats is two .
JNR steam locomotive steam locomotive
It was manufactured in 1932 .
The company was incorporated into the Hokkaido Railway Company .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113
In 1914 , he became the director of Kawasaki Factory .
Freight service started at this station .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1991 , the museum was opened .
JNR / JR Kiha 40 Series Diesel Cars
1977 : The Maizuru Red Cross Hospital opened .
He became the governor of Kagoshima Prefecture .
It was issued in 1997 .
In 2002 , it was opened to the public for the first time and was opened to the public in 2002 .
JNR steam locomotive
1932 : Kaya Railway Co . , Ltd .
The company was in charge of the management of the railway company , Ltd . , whose head office was located in Matsumoto City . , Ltd .
In 1953 , the company started the operation .
JNR / JR Diesel Cars Type 120 ( steam locomotive )
1929 : The company was founded .
1957 : The station became a Japanese National Railways station .
It was transferred to the Museum of Modern Art and was transferred to the Museum of Fine Arts in Fukuyama City .
JNR steam locomotive steam locomotive ( steam locomotive )
It was manufactured in 1928 .
The construction work was completed in 1931 .
In 1949 , he was involved in the construction of the Museum of Modern Art , Ltd . , and the construction of the museum was completed .
JNR steam locomotive
1932 : The steam locomotive was manufactured .
The operation of this bus route started .
It was issued in 1997 .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 ( 200 )
1932 : The company purchased it from the company .
He became the governor of Hyogo Prefecture at the same time .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 3000 ( second class car )
1934 : The company was founded .
He became the governor of Niigata Prefecture .
Kaya Steam Locomotive
It was manufactured in 1934 .
The operation of this bus route was operated with a license plate .
In 1953 , the company started the operation .
JNR steam locomotive
1944 : The company was founded .
The operation of this bus route was transferred to the Nara Line .
It was issued in 1997 .
JNR steam locomotive steam locomotive ( steam locomotive )
In 1944 , it was manufactured by Mitsubishi Corporation .
He became the governor of Kumamoto Prefecture .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1949 , the company was reorganized .
JNR / JR Kiha 58 Series Diesel Car ( steam locomotive )
1944 : The company was founded .
It was transferred to the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) in 1977 .
It was transferred to the Kinki Nippon Railway Company ( JR West ) in 1977 .
1997 : The station house was relocated to its current site .
The second generation : Type 1 steam locomotive ( railway )
1944 : The company was founded .
It was the site of the detached office of the Hokkaido Development Commission .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1949 , the company was reorganized .
Kaya Railway Co . , Ltd.
In 1931 , he was born .
It was a branch office .
It was issued in 1997 .
Kaya Railway steam locomotive
In 1977 , he was employed at the Kawasaki factory .
He became the governor of Toyooka Prefecture .
In 1953 , the company started the operation .
Track gauge : 130 km / h
In 1902 , he was transferred to the Ministry of Railways , Ltd . , and then to the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
The Tanabe branch office was established in the town .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1949 , the company was reorganized .
JNR steam locomotive
1944 : The company was founded .
The Hakodate branch office was established in this place .
It was issued in 1997 .
Red ink painting on top of the wall
Monochrome ink painting on paper
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum , Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum
A pair of iron pieces of iron blade with an inscription on the upper part of the blade
A pair of stone lantern ( an important cultural property )
Monochrome ink painting on a pair of white stones
Red Brick steam locomotive ( No. 12 )
Red ink painting on the wall
Monochrome ink painting on a pair of black lacquered stones
A pair of wooden sword with an inscription on the upper part
West Japan Railway Company ( JR West )
Two persons were assigned to each type of car .
JNR / JR Passenger Car Series 10
A box lunch is available .
It is made of wood , and it is made of wood , and it is made of wood .
There is no toilet .
" Museum of Modern Art , " published in 1974
" Onmyoji " ( 2004 , Fuji Television Network )
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum
" The Second World " was a series of films produced by Daiei Co . , Ltd . , which were released on January 1 , 1972 .
In 1997 , the museum was opened with a steel bridge and a steel bridge .
There are three buildings : ' 1st floor , ' ' 2nd floor , ' ' 2nd floor , ' ' 2nd floor ' and ' 2nd floor . '
" The New Year 's Eve " ( 1977 ) , " The New Year 's Eve "
Shiki Sanban is one of the traditional performing arts .
It is a Buddhist term used to refer to a part of a Buddhist sutra .
In Chinese characters , it is called " Senko " or " Senko . "
The name of the temple is written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
Shodo ( calligraphy ) and calligraphy in ancient China
The Four Books of Confucianism : the Four Books of Confucianism , the Four Books of Confucianism , the Four Books of Confucianism , and the Four Books of Confucianism
It was introduced into Japan through the influence of Buddhism .
In Japan , it is said that the Great Buddha Hall was built in order to pray for the recovery of the Emperor at the beginning of the year , and that the Great Buddha Hall was built in the same year .
During the reign of Emperor Enyu , he was given the title of Daishi ( the third highest rank in the hierarchy of Buddhist priests ) and the title of Daishi ( the third highest rank in the hierarchy of Buddhist priests ) .
There are various schools of Japanese Buddhism , such as the Tendai Sect and the Tendai Sect .
This is a part of the Buddhist sutra .
As a result , he was not able to become a priest .
Later , it was incorporated into the musical instruments for the first time .
There are two types of schools , one is the art of warfare and the other is the art of warfare .
In addition , in the case of the Zen sect , there is a case where a master of a master of a master of a disciple of a disciple of a master of a master of a school or a disciple of a disciple of a disciple of a disciple of a master of a disciple of a master of a master of a school or a disciple of a disciple of a disciple of a disciple of a master of a master of a master of a school .
On the other hand , he was also involved in a conflict between the two sides .
In addition , the number of schools has decreased and the number of schools has decreased .
In the Tendai sect , it was established by Saicho .
After the death of Saicho , he was also active as a monk and a monk .
He was the founder of the Yuzu Nenbutsu sect .
In 1142 , he became the chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple in Uji , Kyoto City .
It is said that the temple was founded by HATA no Kawakatsu , the founder of the Shugendo ( Japanese mountain asceticism-shamanism incorporating Shinto and Buddhist concepts ) , and named Mt . Koya after Mt . Koya .
He became the chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple on Mt . Koya , and later he became the chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple .
Since then , he has been working as a Buddhist monk and a Buddhist monk .
Later , he devoted himself to the restoration of Kiyomizu-dera Temple .
With the development of new music , the music was developed .
In the past , the Tendai sect and the Tendai sect were established .
nenbutsu ( Buddhist invocation ) , nenbutsu ( Buddhist invocation ) and so on are included in the category of nenbutsu ( Buddhist invocation ) .
This is the beginning of the Shingon Esoteric Buddhism .
In the early stage , he received kanjo ( a ceremony to be the successor ) from Kukai .
It is said that he was a monk of the Tendai Sect .
He was also involved in the selection of Noh songs .
In the early-modern times , there were many cases where the three families of the Ono clan , the Ono clan , the Ono clan , the Ono clan , and the Ono clan were allowed to enter the Buddhist priesthood .
In the Edo period , the Shingon sect was abolished .
In the early-modern times , the Yamashina school was divided into two schools ; the Yamashina school and the Yamashina school , and in the early modern period , it was divided into two schools .
It is a grand head temple of the Tendai Sect in Mt . Koya , Mt . Koya , Mt . Koya and Mt . Koya during the Edo period .
It is a school of the Shingon sect , which is one of the schools of the Shingon sect , and is located on the opposite side of Mt . Koya and Mt . Koya .
It was a school of the Hosso sect .
In the same year , it was founded by Hideyoshi TOYOTOMI as a branch temple of the Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , and in the same year , it was built in the precincts of Daitoku-ji Temple in Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture .
It is also known as ' The Great Wisdom Sutra , ' ' The Great Wisdom Sutra ' and ' The Great Wisdom Sutra . '
It was founded by Shinjo ITO ( the founder of the Shingon sect ) .
He was a priest of the Myoshin-ji Temple in Saga , Saga Prefecture .
In the same year , Mt . Koya and Mt . Koya of the Yamashiro Province were destroyed by fire .
Later , the name of the mountain was changed to Mt . Koya , and the name of the mountain was changed to Mt . Koya .
It is also referred to as a stone lantern or a stone lantern .
In addition to the above , there are various kinds of music , such as music , music , music , and music .
It is a kind of music that can be enjoyed in a short distance .
Emperor Tenchi
A woman .
Prince Otsu ( year of birth unknown - June , 686 )
He was the eighth Emperor .
His Japanese-style posthumous name was YAMATO Takeru no Mikoto .
His imina ( personal name ) was Sukune .
His childhood name was Prince Shotoku .
He was commonly called Prince Shotoku .
The name of ' Prince Shotoku ' is used in the following part : ' Prince Shotoku . '
The chronological table
He was the second Prince of Emperor Jomei .
Her mother was Empress Kogyoku .
His mother was a daughter of Prince Karu ( Emperor Tenmu ) and younger maternal half-sister of Prince Kusakabe .
In the same year , Emperor Tenchi was assassinated by his uncle SOGA no Umako , and SOGA no Emishi , who was the Crown Prince of Emperor Tenmu , was appointed as the successor to the Imperial Throne .
" Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) and other history books were completed under the leadership of the Soga clan .
The next year , the Emperor was killed by SOGA no Umako and others .
In the same year , he went to Tang ( China ) together with his older brother , Prince Shotoku , but he was defeated in the Battle of Hakusukinoe and returned to Japan .
In the same year , he was sent to Tang ( China ) , but he died at the age of 74 .
After the death of Emperor Tenchi , the following year , he was sent to the Kyushu region as an envoy , but he died of illness at the age of 56 .
In the same year , the three countries of Wa ( Japan ) , Wa ( Japan ) , and Kudara ( Paekche ) , which were in charge of the defense of the water transportation , were established .
The twelve cap rank system was introduced in the same way as the twelve cap ranks .
He was given the family name of ' Kuni no Miyatsuko ' in the eighth year of Emperor Monmu 's reign .
Emperor Tenchi 's Prince , Prince Otomo ( later Emperor Tenchi ) , is said to have ascended the throne .
However , after the death of Emperor Tenmu , the Prince Otomo ( Emperor Kobun ) , who was the son of Prince Otomo ( Emperor Kobun ) , became the crown prince .
Emperor Tenmu and Empress Jito were born in this period .
After the death of Emperor Tenchi , his son , Emperor Konin , was born as the second son of FUJIWARA no Fuhito .
The next year , he married a daughter of Prince Otomo ( Emperor Kobun ) and had an affair with him .
Brief Personal History
538 : He was born .
Prince Naka no Oe ( later Emperor Shomu ) : He became the Crown Prince on March 24 , 645 .
August 5 , 1870 : He was enthroned ( Emperor Junnin ) .
Emperor Tenchi ( his reign lasted from February 13 , 686 to March 28 , 1987 )
He died at the age of 56 on January 24 , 672 .
However , according to " Taiheiki " ( The Record of the Great Peace ) , he escaped from the Imperial Palace with his younger brother , Emperor Kobun , and died in battle .
Emperor Tenchi 's reign lasted from the beginning to the beginning of the 20th century .
On the other hand , there are various theories .
Emperor Tenmu was in favor of him .
There is a theory that says that he was a child of Emperor Tenchi , and that he was a child of Emperor Tenchi , and that he was also a child of Emperor Tenchi , and that he was also a child of Emperor Tenchi .
" Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) describes that he was the first son of Emperor Tenmu , but it is not clear whether he was actually the second son of Emperor Tenmu or not .
The details of his life are unknown , but it is said that he lived from the end of the 16th century to the beginning of the 20th century .
According to the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , after the death of his father , Emperor Tenchi , he had no choice but to do with the succession to the Imperial Throne , and therefore , he was called ' the father of the Emperor , ' ' the Emperor , ' the Emperor , ' or ' the father of the Emperor , ' and it is said that he had no choice but to do with the Emperor 's will .
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , it is said that he was born in the year when he was born , and that he was born in the same year .
" Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) describes that the Emperor Tenmu did not have any children , and therefore , it is said that he succeeded to the Imperial Throne after the death of Emperor Tenchi .
That is , the total solar calendar was used for the first time .
There is also a theory that says that the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) was written in the same way as the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , which was written in the same way as the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
( " Nihonshoki " [ Chronicles of Japan ] )
Prince Naka no Oe ( later Emperor Tenchi ) is said to have been assassinated by SOGA no Iruka .
In addition , there is a theory that says that he was a member of the Imperial family in the era of Emperor Tenchi , and that he was involved in the dispute over the succession to the Imperial Throne .
Naka no Oe no Oji was also suspected of being involved in this incident .
It is said that this was the first time when the Taiho Ritsuryo ( Taiho Code ) was compiled , but it is also said that this was because there was no need for the compilation of " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
In addition , there is a theory that says that the Emperor Tenchi was not involved in the assassination of his son , but rather that he was involved in the succession dispute of the Imperial Throne , such as the dispute between the two groups .
There is a theory that says that Emperor Tenmu was a child of Emperor Tenmu .
According to the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , she was a younger sister of Emperor Tenchi , and she was also a younger sister of Emperor Tenchi .
However , when the Emperor was in critical condition , he sent a letter to his younger paternal half-brother , SOGA no Emishi , to ask him about the reason why he was not able to have any children between his mother and his older sister , Princess Tashiraka no Himemiko , as well as the fact that he did not have any children between him and his older sister , Princess Tashiraka no Himemiko , who was a wife of the Emperor Tenchi , as well as his older maternal half-sister , as well as his wife , Prince Karu no Miko ( later became Emperor Tenchi ) .
There is a theory that he was the first son of Emperor Tenmu , but he was not allowed to enter the Buddhist priesthood because of his illness .
There is a theory that says that the Emperor Tenmu gave him the title of ' Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi ' ( sword ) and the Emperor Tenmu gave him the title ' Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi ' ( sword ) .
There is also a theory that says that he was not a child of Emperor Tenmu but a child of Emperor Tenmu , and he changed his name from ' Hashihito no Himemiko ' to ' Hashihito no Himemiko . '
In addition , there are many cases where the main purpose of the project was to collect historical materials for the study of old documents , and there is no other reason for such a situation .
Poems
Manyoshu ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves )
The first appearance of " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) was written by Imperial Prince Toneri .
The wind blows through the clouds , and the wind blows through the clouds .
His name appears in " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) .
In the middle of the night , when the sun rises to the east , the sun rises to the west , and the sun rises to the east , and the sun rises to the west , and the sun rises to the west .
The Sanjo family was a court noble of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan .
He was a member of the Seiga family ( the second highest family status for court nobles ) , which was descended from the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan .
The Sanjo Family : a side line of Shijo
He was from the branch family of the Sasaki clan in Settsu Province , and he was also known by the name of Fujiwara .
Its kamon ( family crest ) is three horizontal lines .
He was the second son of FUJIWARA no Ienari of the Kanin line of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan .
In the same year , he was promoted to the rank of Jugoinoge ( Junior Fifth Rank , Lower Grade ) , and after the death of his father , Emperor Gotoba , he was given important posts by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) along with his uncle , MINAMOTO no Yoriie , who was a maternal grandfather of the Retired Emperor Gotoba , and he was appointed to the post of Mutsu no kuni no kami ( Governor of Mutsu Province ) .
The origin of the name of the residence was the residence of the Saionji clan located in Iwakura , Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City .
The temple 's name came from the fact that it was originally the residence of the Kujo family in Kyoto , and later it became the residence of the Kujo family .
After the fall of the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , the family line of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan came to an end .
Daikakuji-to ( imperial lineage starting with Emperor Kameyama ) , Emperor Daigo 's younger brother , entered into priesthood and became a priest .
Daikakuji-to ( imperial lineage starting with Emperor Kameyama ) and Jimyoin-to ( imperial lineage starting with Emperor Kameyama ) , who were brothers from the same mother , were forced to return to the service of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
After the death of his father , he was appointed to Rokuhara Tandai Kitakata ( an administrative and judicial agency in Rokuhara , Kyoto ) .
In the same year , he was exiled to Sado Province by the order of his father , Emperor Godaigo , and the following year , he was ordered to kill himself by the Hojo clan ( the Genko Disturbance ) , which was a branch family of the Hojo clan ( the Southern House of the Fujiwara clan ) .
During the era of Emperor Godaigo , he was adopted by the Saionji family , the main branch of the Saionji family , and was promoted to Chunagon ( vice-councilor of state ) .
The family business was waka poetry during the Muromachi period .
He was born as the second son of Kanpaku ( chief adviser to the Emperor ) Tadataka HOSOKAWA , but he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) at first , then he was placed under the protection of the Hosokawa clan , and later he was placed under the protection of the Hosokawa clan , the lord of the Zeze Domain in Tanba Province , and later he was placed under the protection of the Hosokawa clan ( there is a theory that he was placed under the protection of Tadaoki HOSOKAWA ) .
He was a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) , and after the death of his father , he served as a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) and a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) as well as a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) , and was promoted to Dainagon ( chief councilor of state ) in the Meiji period .
It is said that the reason why he was given the title of Baron was because of his great achievement in the Battle of Sekigahara , and that he was given the title of Baron by Emperor Meiji , and that he was given the title of Baron by Emperor 's mother , Empress Dowager Shoken , and that he had a close relationship with the Ouchi clan .
Mt . Hiei is located in the border between Kyoto City and Fukui City , Shiga Prefecture .
It is located at the foot of Mt . Funaoka in Kita Ward , Kyoto City , and at the foot of Mt . Funaoka in Ukyo Ward , Kyoto City .
It is located in Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture .
Kumano Sanzan ( three major shrines , Kumano-Hongu-Taisha , Kumano-Hayatama-Taisha and Kumano-Nachi-Taisha ) , which were believed to have been founded by EN no Gyoja , were built around this time .
It is in Higashiyama Ward , Kyoto City .
It is also called Mt . Koya , Mt . Koya , and Mt . Koya .
Summary
It is located in the east of Mt . Hiei , and it is said that this is because of the fact that Mt . Hiei is located in the east of Kyoto .
According to the " Kojiki " ( Records of Ancient Matters ) , the shrine is located at the east foot of Mt . Miwa , and the shrine is also known as Mt . Miwa .
Kumano Sanzan Kengyo ( the title of the official ranks within the Todo-za , the traditional guild for the blind ) , which was the basis of Shugendo ( Japanese mountain asceticism-shamanism incorporating Shinto and Buddhist concepts ) , was given to Kumano Gongen ( the highest god of Kumano ) , and it was later that he was enshrined as the guardian deity of Shugendo ( Japanese mountain asceticism-shamanism incorporating Shinto and Buddhist concepts ) .
In addition to the above , there is a custom of visiting temples and shrines in Mt . Hiei to pray for the prosperity of the family and the prosperity of the family .
It is located at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , and at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , it is located at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , and at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , it is also located at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , and at the north foot of Mt . Hiei .
In addition to the above , it is said that the three sacred imperial treasures of Mt . Hiei , Mt . Hiei , Mt . Hiei , and Mt . Hiei were used as a source of income for the Imperial Court .
It is located on the east side of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) and on the west side of the station .
In addition , there are many people who visit the mountain on New Year 's Eve , including those who get on and off the train , and those who get on and off the train .
The site of the former residence of the Minister of Agriculture , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism was completed in 1992 , and the stone monument was built on the top of the mountain and the stone monument was built on the top of the mountain .
On the other hand , the Kyoto Nishikyogoku Comprehensive Sports Park was built on the east side of the station on the west side of the station on January 14 , 1950 .
Mt . Koya and Mt . Koya
Mt . Hiei , also known as Mt . Hiei , refers to the three major temples of Mt . Hiei , Mt . Hiei and Mt . Hiei .
The name of the temple is ' Mt . Hiei , ' and the name of the temple is ' Mt . Hiei . '
It is located in Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture , and it is located on the border between Kyoto and Shiga Prefectures .
Mt . Hiei is located in the east of the capital , but it is said that it is not Mt . Hiei but Mt . Hiei , which is located in the west of the capital .
Cable Sakamoto Station on the Eizan Main Line of the Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . , is located next to the station .
For example , in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of ' Oki ' in the case of ' Oki ' in the case of ' Oki ' in the case of ' Oki ' in the case of ' Oki ' in the case of ' Oki ' in the case of ' Oki ' in the case of ' Oki ' in the case of ' Oki ' in the case of ' Oki ' in the case of ' Oki ' in the case of ' Oki ' in the case of ' Oki ' in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case of Mt . Oe in the case , there are unknown .
Its sango ( literally , " mountain name , " the title prefixed to the name of a Buddhist temple ) , which is the title prefixed to the name of a Buddhist temple , is Mt . Hiei , and the title of a Buddhist temple , which is the title prefixed to the name of a Buddhist temple , is Mt . Koya , and the title of a Buddhist temple , which is the title of a Buddhist temple , is Mt . Koya .
Features
You can see Mt . Hiei .
Both sides of the river flow into the lake , and the shape of the water is similar to that of the sea .
It is also known as Mt . Hiei and Mt . Hiei .
Access
Hieizan Cable Cable Railway ( Sakamoto Cable Cable Cable Railway )
Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . ( Kurama Cable Railway )
Eizan Electric Railway Co . , Ltd .
Mt . Hiei Bus
Kyoto Prefectural Road 22 , Kyoto Outer Loop Expressway
By bus : Get off at the bus stop , Mt . Hiei and walk .
Keihan Bus Co . , Ltd . , bound for Yamashina Station
Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . , Kyoto Bus Co . , Ltd . ( Arashiyama Route )
TV Asahi TV stations
Kyoto City Hall is located in Uji City , Kyoto Prefecture .
The reason why the Nara Kotsu Bus Co . , Ltd . , used to make a stop is that it is difficult for people to get on and off the train .
Goro Sky Tower
It was broadcast on October 1 , 2001 .
Tower : A set of vending machines
Notes
NHK Kyoto Broadcasting System Company Limited , Limited , and TV Asahi Broadcasting System Company Limited , Ltd . , used to make a stop at the foot of Mt . Fuji and at the foot of Mt . Fuji and at the foot of Mt . Fuji , they also made a stop at the foot of Mt . Fuji and at the foot of Mt . Fuji and at the foot of Mt . Fuji they made a stop at the foot of Mt . Fuji .
In addition , the station is located in Osaka Prefecture , and it is said that it is the only station in Kansai International Airport .
Route 11
At the beginning of the Edo period , the Nakasen-do Road ran from Osaka to Kyoto via Nakasen-do Road and Nakasen-do Road .
This section describes the details .
Hiroshige UTAGAWA 's " Hiroshige UTAGAWA " ( Hiroshige UTAGAWA 's Hiroshige UTAGAWA ) is exhibited at the museum .
It is a vending machine made of glass .
For details , please refer to the section of " The Second Seven . "
During the Edo period , the Tokaido Main Line was referred to as the ' Nakasen-do Road . '
In addition to the above , there are many famous places where people enjoy viewing cherry blossoms and cherry blossoms viewing cherry blossoms , and they have been designated as national important cultural properties .
For example , in Kyoto , the name of the street was changed from the route to the route to the route to the route to the east from Kyoto .
The official names of provinces are shown below .
It is one of the three major cities in Tokyo .
However , the name of the former school district system remained unchanged .
Nihonbashi , Chuo Ward , Tokyo
1 . The site of the residence of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA in Shinagawa Ward , Tokyo
1 . Nishi Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture
Sendai City , Miyagi Prefecture ( Tanabata Matsuri Festival )
The location : Sakura City , Kanagawa Prefecture ( Tanabata Matsuri )
7 . Cherry blossoms ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Sakura City , Chiba Prefecture ( Tanabata Matsuri Festival )
Mt . Koya ( Minami Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
27 . Dazaifu Tenmangu Shrine ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Odawara City ( Odawara Tanabata Matsuri )
Route 27 : Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture ( Present Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
Shitenno-ji Temple ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Numazu City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( 15 years old )
Route 35 : Bound for Shizuoka City ( Nakasen-do Road )
Taito Ward , Tokyo ( Taito Ward )
Nihonbashi ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City ) : Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Shizuoka Prefecture
1 . Hamamatsu City , Totomi Province ( Present Okazaki City )
Sado City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( 25 days old )
Early April : Spring Matsuri Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
Hamamatsu City ( Hamamatsu City ) : Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City
Late April : Autumn Matsuri Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
11 chome , Nagara Village , Sado County , Shizuoka Prefecture ( 11 towns )
Route 35 : Naka Ward , Yokohama City , Shizuoka Prefecture
35 / 32 , Iga City , Mie Prefecture ( Present Iga City )
Stone monument ( monument for the severed heads ) ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Hyogo Prefecture )
Route 35 : Bound for Mt . Koya ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
Early April : Annual spring ( Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
Late April : Autumn Matsuri Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
Late April : Autumn Matsuri Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
The location : Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( at the end of Edo period )
Ogaki City , Ogaki City , Gifu Prefecture , castle town
Sado City , Sado County , Shizuoka Prefecture ( 42 km )
Route 35 : Bound for Kanazawa City ( Toyama Prefecture )
Higashi Maizuru ( Higashi Ward , Nagoya City ) : From October to October
Higashi Koya-kaido Road ( Minami Ward , Nagoya City )
Mt . Atago ( Maizuru City , Kyoto Prefecture )
Route 27 : Bound for Mt . Inari ( Maizuru City , Kyoto Prefecture )
The third act : Mt . Atago ( Kita Ward , Osaka City )
Mt . Atago ( Minami Ward , Osaka City )
Picture : Mt . Koya ( Gifu City ) * *
11 . Hamamatsu City , Aichi Prefecture ( Present Okazaki City )
Fushimi Inari Taisha Shrine ( Minami Ward , Osaka City )
Minami Ward , Yokohama City ( Minami Ward , Yokohama City )
Route 55 : Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture ( Mie Prefecture )
Itsukushima-jinja Shrine ( Akashi City , Hyogo Prefecture )
Itsukushima-jinja Shrine ( Toyooka City , Hyogo Prefecture )
Route 35 : Uji City , Osaka Prefecture ( Rokujizo City )
Origin : Aza Tanaka , Ota Town , Naka County , Gifu Prefecture ( present Naka Ward , Sakai City )
Location ( Nishi Ward , Sakai City , Osaka Prefecture ) : 11 km
Nishi Koya-kaido Road ( Nishi Ward , Kobe City , Hyogo Prefecture )
Nishi no maru ( Nishi Ward , Kobe City , Hyogo Prefecture )
Nishi Koya-kaido Road ( Nishi Ward , Kobe City )
Route 22 : Maibara City , Shiga Prefecture
25 . Otsu City ( Shiga Prefecture )
Nijo Ohashi Bridge ( Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture )
It is said that , when he was a child , he went to the capital ( Kyoto ) and became a disciple of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) and was given the posthumous Buddhist names of ' Seishi Bosatsu ' and ' Seishi Bosatsu ' ( Jizo Bodhisattva ) , but this remains uncertain .
In the same year , he was in charge of the construction of Fushimi-jo Castle ( Kyoto Prefecture ) .
It is also called the Old Tokaido Road or the Old Nakasen-do Road .
It is said that at the end of the same year , the Tokaido Main Line ran through the east bank of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) and ran through the west bank of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) , and at the same time , it was at the same time that it was at the same time that it was at the same time that it was at the same time that it was at the same time that it was at the same time that it was at the east bank of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) ( at present , Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City ) .
The province was divided into two types .
It was the first province in Japan .
The names of the places where they used to live are as follows :
Fushimi Inari Taisha Shrine ( Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City )
Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City ( Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City )
Yawata City , Kyoto Prefecture ( Hirakata City )
Route 27 : Bound for Osaka Station ( Minami Ward , Osaka City )
Higashi Koya-kaido Road ( Osaka City , Osaka Prefecture )
It is located at the border between Settsu Province and Izumi Province ( at the border between Izumi Province and Izumi Province ) , and at the border between Izumi Province and Izumi Province ( at the border between Izumi Province and Izumi Province ) .
The author of " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) was a female writer who lived in the Heian period .
According to the " Shin Heike Monogatari " ( The Tale of the Heike ) , it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary characters ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , ' I think that it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , ' and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) as well as in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) . '
Also known as " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book )
It was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in the medieval period .
It is a collection of anecdotes written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it is said that it was written by Kenko YOSHIDA and others .
In addition , there is a theory that says that in the early part of the book , there was a custom of using Chinese characters in the style of Chinese characters , and that there was no need to be seen in the books written in the style of Chinese characters in those days ( for example , " The Analects of Confucius , " " The Analects of Confucius " ) .
It is said that , when he was serving at the Imperial Palace , he was asked by FUJIWARA no Michinaga for permission to enter the Imperial Palace , but he refused the offer because of the following reasons : " Eiga Monogatari " ( The Tale of Flowering Fortunes ) ; " Eiga Monogatari " ( A Tale of Flowering Fortunes ) ; " Eiga Monogatari " ( A Tale of Flowering Fortunes ) ; " Eiga Monogatari " ( A Tale of Flowering Fortunes ) ; " Eiga Monogatari " ( A Tale of Flowering Fortunes ) ; " Eiga Monogatari " ( A Tale of Flowering Fortunes ) ; " Eiga Monogatari " ( A Tale of Flowering Fortunes ) ; " Eiga Monogatari " ( A Tale of Flowering Fortunes ) ; " ( A Tale of Flowering Fortunes ) ; and so on .
In addition , there is a description that says , ' if you go out of the house , you will go out of the house ' in the end of the book , and if you go out of the house , you will go out of the house , ' in the end of the book , and if you go out of the book , you can see it in the form of a book , and if you go out of the book , you can see it in the form of a book in the form of a book or a book in the form of a book in the form of a book .
It is said that the word ' Kosode ' was used in " Makura no soshi . "
It is a collection of essays and essays , including " Commentary on the Tale of Genji , " " Commentary on the Tale of Genji , " and " Commentary on the Tale of Genji , " and so on .
The author is as follows :
It is written in the form of a verse : ' I am going to see the wind and the moon . ' ( chapter 6 of volume Fuji )
The main part is written in the style of books , such as books and essays .
The first part of the sutra .
Details of the inscription
There are various theories .
However , this is not true .
In addition , in " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , it is written that ' there are two kinds of women who are good at making waka poems . '
The following year , he was promoted to the rank of Shosanmi ( Senior Third Rank ) , and it is said that he was involved in the planning of the Hogen Disturbance .
It is said that he passed away in the middle of the year , but it is not known when the diary was completed .
For example , " Genji Monogatari " ( The Tale of Genji ) , which was written by Murasaki Shikibu at the end of the Muromachi period , includes the following :
It has a relatively long history .
It consists of two volumes .
It is said that the manuscript was written by FUJIWARA no Teika in 1200 .
It is said that the number of people who wrote this book is ' ten thousand . '
The text was written by Kikan IKEDA .
One volume of ' Genji Monogatari ' ( The Tale of Genji ) , one volume of the first volume of the second volume of the second volume of the second volume of the second volume of the book .
The story is as follows :
Archives and Archives of Imperial Household Archives and Archives
It consists of two volumes .
Old genealogy of the Sanjonishi family in the possession of the Goto family in the possession of the Museum of Japanese History , and the manuscript copy of the manuscript owned by the Goto family in the possession of the Goto family
It is said that he was a son of KI no Tsurayuki , and his wife was a daughter of KI no Tsurayuki .
It was made in the late Kamakura period .
It is said that the first and second volumes of the Lotus Sutra were written in the same style as those of other Buddhist scriptures .
It consists of twenty volumes in total .
Story line
The meaning of the word is as follows :
It was made in the Muromachi period .
It is said that when he was serving as the chief priest of Tofuku-ji Temple in Kyoto , he said to him , ' I have never heard of you . '
It is one volume .
The contents of the story are as follows :
The Diary of Tosa Nikki ( Diary of Tosa )
The book was written by Emperor Gomurakami .
It is held by the Imperial Household Agency .
It consists of six volumes .
Two different colors are used .
It is generally referred to as a fire .
It consists of one volume .
It consists of two volumes .
It consists of three volumes .
It consists of three volumes .
Volume 6
The meaning of the word is as follows :
Only the Maeda family in Kanazawa , Kanazawa , and the Maeda family in Kanazawa are national treasures .
On the other hand , there is a description in " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) that he was seated on a folding screen decorated with gold and silver foil .
Important cultural property .
It was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in the early Kamakura period , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
" Gunsho ruiju " ( Collection of historical documents compiled by Hokiichi HANAWA ) , " Gunsho ruiju " ( Collection of historical documents compiled by Hokiichi HANAWA ) , and " Gunsho ruiju " ( Collection of historical documents compiled by Hokiichi HANAWA ) were included .
It was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) or kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
However , the following year , he was promoted to the chief editor of the first edition of the " Nihon Shoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , which was published in the Meiji period , and in 1933 , he was promoted to the chief editor of the second edition of the " Nihon Shoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , which was published in the same year .
According to the " Zoku Hyakki Shui " ( Continued Collection of Tales Heard , Past and Present ) , it was a long time ago in the middle of the Heian period , and it was a long time ago in the form of a picture scroll with pictures drawn on it .
It consists of one volume and two volumes in total .
Among them , " The Pillow Book , " " The Pillow Book , " " The Pillow Book , " " The Pillow Book , " and " The Pillow Book , " all of which are said to have been written in the late Heian period , are very close to each other .
However , the contents of the chapter ' Kumogakure ' are as follows :
It is said that he did not get along well with other people in the era of the Northern and Southern Courts ( Japan ) , and that he did not get along well with people in the era of the Northern and Southern Courts ( Japan ) , but did not get along well with people in the middle of his life , so he did not get along well with people in the middle of his life , such as KI no Tsurayuki , who was a good poet and a poet , and did not know about the state of affairs of state ( " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) ) .
He also wrote " The Tale of Genji " and " The Tale of Genji , " and he made a great contribution to the development of the new style of expression of his own .
Public evaluation
It is a simple story in which a person who has the ability to make a living space and to make a living space and to make a living space .
It is said that , when the wind blows , the sound of the wind blows , the sound of the wind , the sound of the wind , the sound of the wind , the sound of the wind , the sound of the wind , and the moon is almost the same as that of the sky .
In addition to the above , the word ' manga ' is used as a word to refer to the ' children 's song , ' and in the field of literature , the word ' manga ' is used to refer to the ' children 's song , ' and in the field of literature , the word ' manga ' is used to refer to the ' children 's song , ' and in the field of literature , the word ' manga ' is used to refer to the ' children 's song , ' and in the field of literature , the word ' manga ' is used to refer to the ' children 's song . '
Teishi gave birth to Emperor Ichijo .
It is said that he did not get along with his father , FUJIWARA no Michinaga , when he was twenty years old .
It is not clear when he became a priest , but it is also said that he was not included in " Okagami " ( the Great Mirror ) .
It is said that , in the era of Emperor Murakami , there was an incident in which an emperor 's wife , Empress Dowager Komyo , asked her about the situation of the nation 's state of affairs , and she answered as follows :
Public evaluation
It is said that he had a sexual relationship with ONO no Komachi when he visited her .
However , in the case of a legal wife , the term is sometimes used to refer to such a situation .
Chugu Gon no taijo ( Provisional Senior Secretary in the Office of the Consort 's Household ) , ' but it is said that she was called ' Naishi no suke ' ( a court lady of the first rank ) after the death of her husband , Emperor Ichijo .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the 13th Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , died in March 1867 .
In the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , there was a case where one was able to enter the Imperial Palace .
He was awarded the rank of Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) and the title of Sadaijin ( Minister of the Left ) .
He was a member of the Imperial family .
After the death of Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , he became a member of the shogun 's council of elders .
In the following year , 1868 , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered the restoration of the imperial rule , and the following year , the father and son of Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Taruhito , Imperial Prince Kitashirakawanomiya Yoshihisa , returned to the capital from the Imperial Palace , and the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was defeated by the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
At the end of the Edo period , he returned to his hometown and became a member of the House of Peers .
He was also called ' Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ' or ' Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA . '
According to " Kansei Choshu Shokafu " ( genealogies of vassals in Edo bakufu ) , the title of honor was given by the Imperial Court .
In addition , the book was included in a book titled ' How to deal with foreign affairs . '
He was born in Nagoya City , Aichi Prefecture , and there are many people who believe that he was a ' child ' or ' child ' when he became a priest .
In addition , it is said that , when he was young , he was asked by his father , who was a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east , ' to be a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east ' and to be a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east . '
At the same time , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Mito Domain , was said to have said , ' I am a great commander . '
In addition to the above , there are some people who believe that ' it is impossible for them to go back to the original place , ' such as those in the Kanto region , those in the Kinki region , those in the Kinki region , and those in the Kansai region , such as those in the Kinki region , and those in the Kinki region , such as those in the Kinki region , and those in the Kansai region , such as those in the Kinki region .
In addition , there is a description that says , ' I am not a man of culture but a man of culture of the time , ' which shows that he had a close relationship with the Mori clan and that he had a close relationship with the Mori clan , and that he had a close relationship with the Mori clan in the Imperial Court .
He was born as the fourth son of Nariaki TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Kishu Domain , on December 27 , 1858 .
His lawful wife was a daughter of Emperor Gomizunoo , and he was the second consort of the Emperor .
There is a theory that his mother was a concubine of Iemitsu TOKUGAWA , and he had a son named Kojiro HOTTA .
His childhood name was Goro .
When he was nine years old , he went to the capital ( Kyoto ) and became a disciple of the lord of the domain , however , he did not get along with his older brother and he became a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) , which led him to be referred to as ' the king of Japan ' or ' the lord of the domain . '
It is said that he had no children , but he was adopted by Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the domain , and became the heir of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
On January 27 , 1864 , he was adopted by the Matsudaira family and became the lord of the domain .
On the same day , he was granted the family name of Matsudaira by the Emperor and became the lord of the domain .
Although he was a member of the shogun 's council of elders , he was forced to resign from his post and became a priest in the same way as his older brother , Naosuke II .
In the same year , he was promoted to the rank of Junii ( Junior Second Rank ) , and in the same year , he was assassinated by a vassal of the Tokugawa family ( however , there is also a theory that he was involved in the assassination of his older brother , Iesada TOKUGAWA ) .
In the same year , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Mito Domain , was appointed as the heir of the lord of the Kaga Domain , Yoshinaga MATSUDAIRA , and the younger brother of Yoshinobu HITOTSUBASHI , Yoshinobu HITOTSUBASHI , was appointed as the lord of the Kaga Domain .
In the same year , he was ordered to take over as head of the family by Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , and in the same year , he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) together with his foster father , who was the lord of the domain and the lord of the domain , Naosuke II , who was the lord of the domain .
In the same year , the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) issued an imperial edict to hunt down and kill Naosuke II .
In the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the order of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and in the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the lord of the domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , and then he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the lord of the domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU .
It is said that , although he was not allowed to return to secular life , he was forced to resign from the position of Udaijin ( Minister of the Right ) and to take care of him .
In 1861 , he was pardoned .
In the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , and in the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by the lord of the domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU ( the lord of the Satsuma domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU ) .
On March 18 , he was appointed as a member of the House of Peers by the recommendation of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA .
In the same year , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered him to take over the post of roju ( member of shogun 's council of elders ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and the post of Kyoto shoshidai ( The Kyoto deputy ) and the post of roju ( member of shogun 's council of elders ) .
In the same year , he went to the capital ( Kyoto ) as a member of the Shogun 's council of elders , and in the same year , he went to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his father , Emperor Komei .
The next year , when Emperor Komei visited the Imperial Palace to pray for the victory of the Western Army , he said , ' I am going to the Imperial Palace , but I don 't want to leave the Imperial Palace because of my illness . '
At the time of the Coup of August 18 in the same year , he went up to Kyoto together with other members of the House of Peers , including Sanetomi SANJO and others , and he also joined forces with the former Shogunate supporters to overthrow the Shogunate .
However , in the end , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his younger brother , Sanetomi SANJO , and also he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his younger brother , Sanetomi SANJO , but he did not go to the capital ( Kyoto ) , so he did not go to the capital ( Kyoto ) , so he did not go to the center of politics , so he did not go to the center of politics , and did not go to the center of politics , so he was ordered to do so by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
He was appointed as Kyoto shugoshoku ( Military governor of Kyoto ) and Osaka jodai ( the keeper of Osaka Castle ) , and later , he was appointed as the successor of the family to the lord of the domain , Katamori MATSUDAIRA ( the lord of the Fukui Domain ) , but he was dismissed from his post and was confined to his house and was placed under house arrest .
Tenguto no Ran ( Rebellion of Tenguto ) , which broke out in the same year , was attacked by the retainers of the Tokugawa family , including his younger brother and younger brothers and sisters , and then returned to allegiance to the bakufu .
In the following year , 1864 , he fought in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi against the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) led by Kinmochi SAIONJI .
In the same year , the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered the return of lands and people to the emperor , and the following year , the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) concluded the Treaty of Amity and Commerce between the United States and Japan .
In the following year , 1864 , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to hunt down and kill the Satsuma Domain .
However , the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was defeated by the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) led by Kinmochi SAIONJI and returned to Satsuma .
After the Battle of Sekigahara , he was exiled to Sado Province on March 24 , 1600 .
In the same year , the Emperor ordered the restoration of the imperial rule , and he was forced to leave the Imperial Palace .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , who succeeded to the headship of the family , died suddenly .
On the same day , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the family head of the Tokugawa family , passed away .
On the same day , he was appointed to the post of Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , but he died on the same day .
It is said that he made efforts to restore the authority of the Imperial Court .
In the same year , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to go to France , France , France , France , France , France , and the United States , and he was appointed to the chief of staff , and then he was appointed to the chief of staff of the navy .
He became a disciple of Yukichi FUKUZAWA and went to France to study there .
In response to this , the Imperial Court dispatched an envoy to the Yuan Dynasty in order to raise an army .
On January 24 , 1864 , he was ordered by Emperor Komei to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) , but he refused the offer because of his political pressure from the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ( ' Taisei Hokan ' ( transfer of power back to the Emperor ) ) .
It is said that the reason why the Imperial Court gave the authority to the Tokugawa shogunate was because of the fact that the Imperial Court had no choice but to keep its own authority .
However , in March of the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by Emperor Komei , and in the same year , he was ordered to go to the post of Sangi ( councilor ) with his older brother , Sanetomi SANJO .
In the same year , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , who was the lord of the domain , tried to make peace with the Imperial Court , however , he refused the request and went back to Kyoto , and the negotiation was broken off .
In the following year , 1864 , he joined the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and moved from place to place to fight against the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) of Aizu Domain in Mino Province .
However , on the occasion of the Battle of Sekigahara , he was forced to leave for the front by the order of Ieyasu TOKUGAWA , and he was forced to leave for the front by the army of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
At the same time , he was ordered by Emperor Meiji to go to the front with his older brother , Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Taruhito .
In response to this , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the domain , raised an army .
In March of the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the lord of Kokura Domain , Buzen Province .
In addition , he succeeded to the family headship and became the ninth family head of the Shimizu family .
In the same year , he was ordered to return to the service of the lord of the domain , Takamori SAIGO , but he was defeated by the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) at the Battle of Toba-Fushimi and escaped to the residence of Satsuma Domain .
In August of the same year , he was transferred to the Sunpu Domain in Suruga Province .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ( the lord of Mito Domain )
Chief retainer of the Matsudaira family ( Mito Matsudaira family )
Ansei no Taigoku ( suppression of extremists by the Shogunate ) ( Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA )
Shugo ( Military Governor ) of Mino Province
Chief retainer of the Matsudaira family ( Mito Domain )
Osaki no kata
Takeo NAKAJIMA
Hanzo MATSUDAIRA
In 1869 , he returned to his hometown during the Boshin War .
After entering the priesthood , various arts such as music , dancing , and music were practiced .
In 1899 , he moved to Tokyo .
In the following year , he went to the Imperial Palace of Emperor Meiji , and in the following year , he went back to his hometown .
In 1868 , he was raised to the peerage and became the head of the family .
In 1947 , he returned to secular life and took over as head of the family .
In 1914 , he died at the age of 83 .
He died at the age of 24 on the same day .
* Dates are based on the old lunar calendar .
In 1847
He was adopted by the Tokugawa family .
January 12 , 1867 : Transferred to the post of Udaijin ( Minister of the Right ) .
He was awarded the rank of Jusanmi ( Junior Third Rank ) and appointed as Sakone gon no chujo ( Provisional Middle Captain of the Left Division of Inner Palace Guards ) .
In December of the same year , he married a daughter of Sadaijin ( Minister of the Left ) Masahiro TAKATSUKASA .
He was Sangi ( councillor ) .
In 1858 , he became the successor of Iesada TOKUGAWA .
In December of the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
He retired in October 1864 .
1862
He succeeded to the headship of the family on November 9 .
On the same day , he was appointed as Sessho ( regent ) .
In December , he was transferred to Gon Chunagon ( provisional vice-councilor of state ) .
In December of the same year , he was appointed as Naidaijin ( Minister of the Center ) .
1864
On March 24 , he resigned from the position of Nairan .
On March 18 , he resigned from the position of Sessho .
March 28 : He was assigned to the post of Governor of Owari Province , and was also assigned to the post of Commander of the 6th platoon .
He fought in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi .
1866
February 24 : He was additionally appointed as Governor of Kyoto .
He succeeded to the family name of Tokugawa on the same day .
January 28 : He was promoted to Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) and transferred to Gon Dainagon ( provisional chief councilor of state ) .
On the same day , he was appointed as seii taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) .
1867
In August , he was appointed as Naidaijin ( minister of the center ) .
Retained his position as Ukone no daisho .
Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to Emperor )
On December 12 , he resigned from the position of Seii Taishogun .
On January 18 , 1864 , he was dismissed from the post .
He was dismissed on December 24 , 1869 .
January 7 , 1869 : Promoted to Junii ( Junior Second Rank ) .
He was promoted to the rank of Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) on February 26 , 1897 .
He was promoted to Juichii ( Junior First Rank ) on February 24 , 1907 .
On November 23 , 1887 , he moved to Tokyo .
On January 24 , 1889 , he was appointed as Emperor Meiji 's first president .
He was given the title of marquis on April 16 , 1901 .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the family head of the Echizen Matsudaira family , used the name ' Yoshinobu . '
December of the same year : Appointed to the post of head of the family .
1908
He was awarded the rank of Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) and became a member of the House of Peers on New Year 's Day .
On December 28 , he retired .
He died at the age of 75 on February 26 , 1903 .
He was posthumously awarded the Grand Cordon of the Order of the Rising Sun .
He was a master of the art of warfare , and he was also a man of refined taste , and he was also a master of the art of warfare in the past .
He was also a master of Japanese archery at first , but later he devoted himself to the development of new industry .
It is said that he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by disembowelment , but he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the order of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and then he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) together with his younger brother , Daisuke ITO , and then he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) .
It is said that when he was on his way home , he was attacked by an arrow and killed by an arrow by an arrow , and that he was also described as ' a person who had killed himself ' or ' a person who had killed himself . '
It is said that the reason why he died was that he was the only person who was not allowed to enter the service of the Emperor at that time , and that he was the only person in the service of the Emperor 's father , Takamori SAIGO .
It is said that he went back to Kyoto when he was seven years old .
When he was young , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to take care of his father , who was the lord of the domain , as well as the lord of the domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , who was the lord of the domain , as well as the lord of the domain , and also as the lord of the domain , and also as the lord of the domain , he said , ' You should not be able to get rid of your lord , ' and he said , ' You should know the truth about the future of our lord and lord of the domain and lord of the domain . '
Yodo YAMAUCHI , who was a feudal retainer of the Satsuma clan , was also involved in the assassination of his master , but he was not involved in the plan .
It is said that he returned to Japan . '
Ryoma SAKAMOTO , who was a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east , ' said as follows :
It is said that if you do not want to go too much , you may be careful not to do so .
At the same time , he was forced to resign from the post of Shogun by the recommendation of his father , and he was called ' the king of Japan . '
However , after the death of Emperor Meiji , he is said to have been a member of the Shinsengumi ( a group who guarded Kyoto during the end of Tokugawa Shogunate ) .
Although he was a member of the Shinsengumi , he was never heard of again after the death of Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA .
When the Battle of Toba-Fushimi broke out , he went to the east with his younger brother and went to the east with his retainers .
It is said that , when he was young , he went to the front with his wife and children , but it is said that he did not go back to the front because of the pressure from Ieyasu .
However , since there was a conflict between the two sides , the Tokugawa side and the Tokugawa side , and the Tokugawa side , who were afraid that the Tokugawa side would be able to escape from the war , gave up on the condition that they would go to the capital and that they would not go to the capital ( Kyoto ) , and that they would go to the capital ( Kyoto ) , and that they would not go to the capital ( Kyoto ) , and that they would be able to fight with each other over the course of the course of the course of the war .
It is said that the reason why he became a priest was that he had no choice but to do with the policy of the Imperial Court , and that he was involved in the internal conflict of the Tokugawa Shogunate , the conflict between the Imperial Court and the Shogunate and the Shogunate , and that he was also involved in the conflict between the Imperial Court and the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ( however , there is also a theory that says that the reason why he was not involved in the incident was because he was not involved in the ' the incident at that time , ' and that he was called ' the incident at the same time , ' and that he was called ' the incident at the same time . '
In the end of the Edo period , the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) tried to control the whole country , but it was not realized because of the pressure from the powerful countries and because of this , it was decided that the Tokugawa family would return their allegiance to the Emperor .
At the beginning of the Meiji period , he became a retainer of the Matsudaira family and became a member of the House of Peers .
In the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his older brother , Kaoru INOUE .
In addition , there is a passage in the " Journal of Historical Records . "
It is said that the contents of the letter were quite different from those of the previous one , and the contents of the letter were quite different from those of the previous one .
It is said that the reason why he became a priest was that he did not get along with the people of the domain , and that he did not get along with the people of the domain , and that he was in conflict with the people of the domain ( according to " Dainihonshi " [ Great history of Japan ] ) .
It is said that the second volume of " Dainihonshi " ( Great history of Japan ) , which was written after the death of Shogun Iemochi , was written .
It is said that , when Emperor Meiji visited the Imperial Palace , he asked for permission to have the honor of being a member of the Imperial Family or a member of the Imperial Family .
In addition , there was a case in which the head priest of the Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) was buried in the graveyard of the Zojo-ji Temple in Ueno , Tokyo , where the head priest of the Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) was buried .
It is said that the Emperor Meiji gave him the title of ' Emperor . '
After he returned to secular life , he served as a close aide of the Emperor , but he did not get along with his older brother ( according to the ' Record of the Great Peace ' ) , so he became a vassal of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
After the Battle of Sekigahara , there was a theory that says that he was a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east ' and that he was a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east ' but failed to go back to Kyoto because of a series of incidents such as the Battle of Sekigahara and the Honnoji Incident .
He was a vassal of the Matsudaira family and his wife was a daughter of a feudal retainer of Aizu Domain .
At the same time , he had a lot of knowledge about Japanese , including English , English , English , English , and German , and he had a chance to go to the front in order to get rid of the disease , so he had a chance to go to the front in front of the gate of the gate of the main gate of the main gate of the Imperial Palace , which was the main gate of the Imperial Palace .
It is said that he had a lot of physical strength and that he was not familiar with the art of warfare .
He did not have much time to write a book , which was a rare case in those days .
In addition , there is a record that says that when he was a child , he went to the Imperial Palace and became a disciple of Shoyo TSUBOUCHI , who was a scholar of Japanese classical literature and a professor at the University of Tokyo .
He was a younger brother of Mitsukuni TOKUGAWA .
He was born as the second son of Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Taruhito on January 18 , 1849 .
He died at the age of 85 on January 6 , 1849 , and his real mother was from a branch family of the Kiyohara clan .
After the death of her husband , she was treated as a lady in the same way as a woman in the Edo period , and in the Meiji period , she gave birth to two sons and two daughters .
He had two younger brothers and two younger sisters , one of which was Imperial Prince Fushiminomiya Kuniie , and the other was later demoted from nobility to subject , and the other was later demoted from nobility to subject .
She was the wife of Imperial Prince Takahito and the wife of Imperial Prince Fushimi Sadanaru .
He was the eldest son of Gon Dainagon ( a provisional chief councilor of state ) Masamichi TAKATSUKASA , and his wife was Nobuko , who was a daughter of Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Toshihito on April 16 , 1864 .
His lawful wife was Masako ( a daughter of Tadayoshi TODA , a feudal retainer of the Owari clan ) , and his second wife was Sadako NAKAYAMA .
The third son : SHO ( died on April 26 , 1895 )
He was born as the eldest son of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the 11th lord of the domain , on March 18 , 1903 , and passed away on April 16 , 1902 .
She was born on November 24 , 1903 , as the third daughter of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , and died on November 24 , 1930 .
July 1 , 1864 : He was the eldest son of Masahiro MAKINO , and the second son of Masayoshi IKEDA .
The tenth son : SHO ( died young )
Second daughter : Princess Masako ( December 26 , 1871 - August 26 , 2000 )
Imperial Prince Fushimi Sadanaru , the ninth prince of Imperial Prince Fushiminomiya Kuniie , died on October 27 , 1930 .
The tenth son : SHO Tai ( born in October , 1868 - died on October 1 , 1945 )
The ninth daughter : Masako TOKUGAWA ( December 26 , 1868 - April 26 , 2000 )
July 1 , 1865 : He was born as the eldest son of Masayuki MAKINO , the 11th lord of the domain .
His oldest son was Kiyoshi KATAOKA ( the third son ) , and his second daughter .
April 24 , 1884 : He was a baron in the Meiji period .
The third son : SHO Tai ( died on April 24 , 1895 )
The fifth son of the eleventh family head , Tadateru MATSUDAIRA ( April 26 , 1868 - April 26 , 1995 )
The third son : SHO ( April 26 , 1852 - April 26 , 1938 )
Second son : Imperial Prince Fushimi Sadanaru ( December 12 , 1850 - December 27 , 1931 ) , Jugoi ( Junior Fifth Rank )
The third daughter : Masako ( born in August , 1930 - died on July 26 , 1993 )
The ninth daughter : Princess Masako ( September 28 , 1864 - April 27 , 2001 ) , married to Kaoru INOUE .
The fourth daughter : Princess Yoshiko ( December 26 , 1864 - April 26 , 1974 ) was a member of the Imperial family .
The fourth daughter : Princess Masako ( December 28 , 1849 - December 27 , 2000 ) was a member of the House of Peers and a member of the House of Peers
August 1 , 1873 : He died .
The tenth son : SHO Tai ( died on May 24 , 1945 )
The ninth son : Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ( October 12 , 1905  December 24 , 1945 )
On November 1 , 1873 , he was demoted from nobility to subject .
One of the younger sisters of Iesada ( wife of Iesada TOKUGAWA )
Novels
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , " The Last Shogun of the Tokugawa Shogunate , Vol . 2 "
" The Last Shogun Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA "
Film films
Acted by Kazuo HASEGAWA " Year 2004 " by Kazuo HASEGAWA .
TV dramas
" NHK Taiga Drama " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Nizaemon KATAOKA the 13th )
" Shin Kabuki Eiga Monogatari " ( The Tale of the Taira Family ) ( Shochiku Co . , Ltd . , 1969 , portrayed by Koki KIMURA )
" Onmyoji " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Daisuke ITO )
" Onmyoji " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Kazuo HASEGAWA )
Acted by Ryotaro SHIBA " Bakumatsu " ( New Year 's Pure Land ) , Year 2006 , by TV Asahi .
" The Tale of the Heike , " written by Minoru MURATA , 1955
" Samurai " ( Samurai drama series ) , released by TV Tokyo Broadcasting Corporation , 1967
" Komyo ga Tsuji " ( TV drama series ) ( directed by Ryotaro SHIBA , portrayed by Ryotaro SHIBA , published by Yoshikawa Kobunkan in 1966 )
" Shinsen-gumi " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Kiyoshi KATO )
" The Last Sword " ( NHK Taiga drama series , 1966 ) , played by Kazuo HASEGAWA
" Samurai " ( Samurai drama series ) ( New Year 's period drama series , directed by Hiroyuki KATO ) , and " New Year 's Eve " ( New Year 's period drama series ) ( New Year 's period drama series , directed by Hiroyuki KATO )
" NHK Taiga Drama " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Daisuke ITO )
" Kasuga no Tsubone " ( TV drama ) ( Shochiku Co . , Ltd . , 1969 )
" The Last Sword and the Sword " ( directed by Kenji MIZOGUCHI ) , Shochiku Co . , Ltd. and Shochiku Co . , Ltd . ( directed by Shochiku Co . , Ltd . ) were cast in the summer of 1930 .
" Shinsengumi ! " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Kazuo HASEGAWA ) .
" NHK Taiga Drama " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Kazuo HASEGAWA )
" The Story of the House of Sen " ( 1 volume )
Yukichi FUKUZAWA : ' The former president of the House of Representatives '
NHK Taiga Drama - " Ryoma ga Tsuji " ( NHK Taiga Drama )
...
Kyoto Station , located in Seika-cho , Soraku-gun , Kyoto Prefecture , is a stop on the Sanin Main Line , which is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
The entire line is operated by West Japan Railway Company .
The line is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) , but it is also operated by the local trains that arrive at and depart from Platform 1 and arrive at and depart from Platform 2 .
The following is a list of special rapid trains that run between the two stations .
The name of the museum is derived from the fact that the number of people who visit this area is small .
West Japan Railway Company ( railway business operator )
Railway distance ( operating distance ) : 95 km
Track gauge : 160 mm
Number of stations : 6 ( including the starting and final stations )
Kamo Station - JR Kyoto Line / JR Tozai Line
Electrified section : entire line ( direct current 600 V )
Electrified section : Automatic block system ( automatic block system ) , automatic block system
Automatic ticket vending machine : Automatic block system
Operation section : Shin-Osaka General Operation Center
Design speed : 95 km / h ( exclusive speed : 95 km / h )
It is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) , but not by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
For example , the Nara Line of the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) , which ran from Kyoto to Osaka , is called the Kyoto Line .
At the same time , it was decided that the line would be extended to the east of the Nara Line , and that the line would be extended to the south of the current Nara Station ( Nara Prefecture ) and that the line would be extended to the east of the line .
Nara Station , located in the south of Nara Station , is a stop on the Nara Line , which is operated by JR West .
On the other hand , the Nara Kotsu Bus Co . , Ltd . , which started operating on the section between Kyoto Station and Shingu Station on the JR Tozai Line on the JR Nara Line on the same day , was established on March 1 , 1972 .
Kintetsu Nara Line * This station is located in the vicinity of the station .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 , ' which was the first class railway in Japan , was used for the operation of this line .
The Kintetsu Kyoto Line and the Kintetsu Nara Line run through the southern part of the city .
In addition to the above , there were many changes in the direction of Nara , such as the change in the direction of Nara , the change in the direction of the line from Kyoto to Nara , the change in the direction of the line from Kyoto to JR Nara , and the change in the direction of the line from Kyoto Line to Kintetsu Kyoto Line in 1969 .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 , which ran between Kyoto and Kobe , was replaced with ' JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 113 , ' and therefore , the number of passengers using this type of train was increased to two per hour .
In addition to the above , the area around the station and the station is also part of Kyoto Prefecture , and the area around the station is also part of Kyoto Prefecture as well as Nara Prefecture .
However , the section between the east and west of the station and the section between the east and west of the station and between the east and west of the station and between the east and west of the station and between the two stations is very crowded .
The line is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) , while the line is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
East Japan Railway Company ( JR East ) and Central Japan Railway Company ( JR Central ) , both of which are mutually usable , are mutually usable with ICOCA and PiTaPa .
The ticket gate of the station is located in the south of the station .
In addition , the express trains that ran between Kyoto and Nara on the Tokaido Main Line stopped at this station and the express trains that arrived at and departed from and departed from Osaka on the Sanyo Main Line stopped at this station ( refer to the section of ' Special Rapid Service ' for details ) .
Local trains are operated between Kyoto and Nara .
The trains stop at every station on the Uji Line , and they stop at every station on the same platform .
The nickname ' Biwako Express ' was used for the first time in the past .
Nara Kotsu Bus Lines Co . , Ltd . , operates bus services from Kyoto Station to Nara Station , but this is not a common practice .
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 207 and JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 113 are used .
The maximum speed of the regular railway line is 120 km / h and the speed of the regular railway line is 120 km / h .
The trains run between Kyoto and Nara every 30 minutes , and between Kyoto and Nara every 30 minutes .
The trains stop at this station and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 at Kyoto Station , while the trains depart from and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 .
15 minutes walk from the east exit of the station .
History
March 1 , 2001 : The operation started .
March 15 , 2001 : The station was upgraded to a stop at which rapid trains stopped .
It is operated during the morning rush hours .
Uji Station ( JR West ) and Uji Station ( JR West ) stop at every station .
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 207 is used for local trains and local trains .
The trains stop at every station on the Uji Line , and they stop at every station on the same platform .
Rapid trains stop at every station on the Nara Line .
As of 2008 , the section between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station was used for the special rapid trains and for the special trains that stopped at this station was used for the special rapid trains that stopped at every station from JR Nanba Station to JR Nanba Station .
It is operated as a special rapid train bound for Nara on Saturdays and holidays .
It is operated in the morning and evening .
On the other hand , the number of the trains operated during the New Year holidays was reduced to four in the early morning ( from March to March in the same year ) .
Some people say that the rapid trains that arrive at and depart from Platform 4 and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 at Kyoto Station , while others say that the rapid trains that depart from and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 at Platform 3 .
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 207 is used on the Uji Line , and all trains are operated on the Uji Line .
During the daytime , trains run directly to the direction of Nara Station .
For example , when the train schedule was revised in March of the same year , it was decided that the special rapid train would be operated in the form of a special rapid train , and that the special rapid train would be operated in the form of a ' special train , ' while the special rapid train would be operated in the form of a ' special train , ' which was operated in the form of a special rapid train , was operated in the form of a ' special train , ' and that the train would be operated in the form of a ' special train , ' which was operated in the form of a special train .
This platform is used for the trains that stop at every station on the Uji Line .
It is operated between Kyoto Station and Tenri Station .
The number of passengers per hour in the section between Kyoto Station and Higashi-Maizuru Station is approximately 95 per hour .
JR ( West ) Commuter Train Series 207 is used for all trains .
Rapid trains run on the inner tracks during the morning rush hour .
On the other hand , the Nara Line ( Yamatoji Line ) and the Sakurai Line ( Yamatoji Line ) began operating on the first day of the New Year 's Day in 1997 .
Only local trains stop at this station on the Nara Line .
1949 : The JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 started to run between Kyoto Station and Amanohashidate Station , and the trains that ran between Osaka Station and Amanohashidate Station were called ' Express ( train ) ' and ' Limited Express ( train ) . '
On the other hand , it was decided that the special rapid train would be operated between Kyoto Station and Shingu Station on the JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 on the timetable revision in March 2006 .
In the past , there was a special rapid train that ran between Kyoto and Nara via the JR Tozai Line ( JR Nara Line ) .
During the daytime , the operation of the special rapid trains was extended to the east of Uji Station and to the west of Uji Station , but in the early morning , the operation of the special rapid trains was extended to the west of Uji Station and to the east of Uji Station .
Local trains stop at every station on the Katamachi Line .
At the same time , the special rapid trains that stopped at every station between Uji Station and Uji Station on the Keihan Main Line began making stops at every station on New Year 's Holidays .
The trains that arrive at and depart from this station started making stops at this station in 1997 .
In the following year , 1999 , the JNR / JR Suburban Trains Series 113 started running on the same platform .
On the other hand , the trains of JR West use Platform 1 .
Nara Kotsu Bus Lines Co . , Ltd . , operates two round-trip services a day from the east exit of the station to the east exit of the station on the Nara Line , and from the west exit of the station to the east exit of the station .
It was Nara Line .
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 207
In the case of the JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 207 and Series 3000 , all of the local trains are operated as local trains or local trains .
Local trains run on the same platform as those of ' Rapid Service , ' but they run on the same track as those of ' Regional Rapid Service , ' which runs on the same track as those of ' Regional Rapid Service . '
This platform is used only for rapid trains and local trains .
Train Series 113
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 113 is used for local trains and local trains , but it is also used for local trains and local trains .
The cars of this type were transferred from the Osaka Loop Line to the Hanwa Line .
At the same time , the section between Kyoto Station and Nara Station was opened to traffic , and the section between Kyoto Station and Higashi-Maizuru Station opened .
In the same year , the former Tokaido Main Line ( Main Line ) , the former Tokaido Main Line ( Main Line ) , and the former Tokaido Main Line ( Main Line ) , the former Tokaido Main Line ( Main Line ) , which ran from Kyoto to Osaka , were abandoned , and the new route was extended to Kyoto via the new route .
At the same time , the Nara Electric Railway ( currently the Kintetsu Kyoto Line ) started the construction of a new station on the east side of the station .
November 12 , 1897 : The station opened as a facility of the Tokaido Main Line ( the present-day JR Kyoto Line ) .
Inari Station commenced operation .
November 12 , 1897 : The station was inaugurated when the section between Kyoto and Nara was opened to traffic .
Fushimi Station opened .
Keihan Kyoto Main Line
November 1 : The line between Iwakura Station and Mukomachi Station opened .
Station 's station opened .
November 1 , 1896 : The line between Shin-Kizu and Shin-Kizu ( opened to traffic ) opened .
JR Tozai Line : Rokujizo Station - Rokujizo Station - Uji Station
November 1 : The line between Kusatsu and Kizu ( between Kizu and Kizu ) was opened to traffic .
Shiki Station - Kizu Station - Kizu Station
November 1 : The line between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station was opened to traffic by extending the line .
April 12 : The station opened .
November 1 , 1897 : The station was renamed as Inari Station of the Nara Electric Railway .
April 1 , 1918 : The station opened .
October 1 : The unit of business distance was shortened from miles to meters ( operation kilometers ) .
October 1 , 1898 : The station became a Nara Electric Railway station as a result of amalgamation .
October 1 , 1907 : The Kansai Railway Company was nationalized .
October 1 , 1897 : The station was inaugurated as a facility of Kyoto City Trams .
October 1 , 1895 : The station was inaugurated as a facility on the Nara Line of the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
November 1 , 1896 : The station opened when the section between Uji and Shin-Kizu was opened .
June 1 , 1897 : The station opened as a facility of the Kyoto Line .
January 22 , 1898 : The station was abolished .
August 1 , 1918 : The station was abolished .
April 1 , 1896 : The station opened with the extension of the line between Tenmabashi Station and Neyagawa Station .
June 1 : The line between Kyoto Station and Shin-Kizu Station was opened ( the line between Nagoya and Shin-Kizu ) .
The line between Fukakusa Station and Mukomachi Station opened .
The line between Inari Station and Fushimi Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) became a double line .
- The section between Otani Station and Nagao Station ( freight branch line ) opened .
April 1 , 1898 : The station was relocated to the south side of Kamo Station .
November 1 , 1902 : The station was opened with the opening of the operation of the second section of the line .
The line between Kamo Station and Shin-Kizu Station was abolished .
November 1 , 1898 : The entire line was extended and opened to traffic .
Fushimi Station was abolished .
April 1 , 1930 : The unit of operation distance was changed from miles to meters ( from miles to meters ) .
November 1 , 1957 : The station was upgraded to a station , and the station was upgraded to a station located on the west side of the station .
November 15 , 1928 : The station opened .
December 12 , 1928 : Hanazono Station commenced operation .
November 1 , 2003 : The station was inaugurated .
April 1 , 1949 : The station opened .
April 1 , 1984 : The train operation started .
October 1 , 1984 : The section between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station was electrified .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113
Tokaido Main Line ( Biwako Line ) and Sanyo Main Line ( Biwako Line )
April 1 , 1987 : The station became a facility of the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) due to the division and privatization of JNR .
Japan Freight Railway Company ( JR West ) took over the railway business .
March 1 , 2000 : The JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 183 started operating .
April 15 , 2002 : The station opened .
It is a stop at Kyoto Station .
July 1 , 2000 : The train schedule was revised .
( JR West ) Suburban Train Series 207 , Rapid Service
April 1 , 1997 : The station was inaugurated as a facility of the Tozai Line .
March 15 , 2000 : The station became a stop at which express trains stop .
April 1 , 2000 : The Uji Line and the JR Tozai Line started operating between Uji Station and Uji Station .
JR Ogura Station opened .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113
March 15 : The rapid express trains began making stops at every station on the line .
March 15 , 2001 : The station became a stop for rapid trains that stopped at every station between Uji Station and Tofukuji Station .
Japan Freight Railway Company ( JR West ) started operations on the same day .
October 1 , 2000 : The section between Platform 2 and Platform 4 was extended to begin operating .
July 12 , 1977 : The construction of the new building was completed .
October 1 , 2000 : The operation of the Kyoto Line was extended to six cars .
It is said that the entire line between Shichijo Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) and Shichijo Station is a double double track , but it is not yet opened to traffic .
Keihan Electric Railway Co . , Ltd . , operates two different lines : one for the north and the other for the south side of the station , and the other for the south side of the station .
The section between Kyoto Station and Sonobe Station was opened to traffic , and the entire section between this station and Sonobe Station was opened to traffic .
Keihan Electric Railway Co . , Ltd . , operates a special express bus that starts from and ends at this station and ends at this station .
The station house was moved to the Osaka Municipal Subway Tozai Line .
For details , refer to the article of Nara Electric Railway and JR Tozai Line .
This section describes the operation distance from Kyoto Station .
Omiya Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) - Rokujizo Station - Rokujizo Station - Shisho Station - ( operation distance ) - ( operation distance )
This section describes the operation distance from Kyoto Station .
Kamo Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) : 95 km / h
Keiji Bypass is a community bus stop located in Ayabe City , Kyoto Prefecture , and is operated by West Nippon Railway Company ( JR West ) .
The area around the station is designated as a national zone .
The section of National Route 24 , which is under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism , is under construction .
From the south of the station , the Meishin Expressway and the Meishin Expressway run from the south to the south , and from the south to the south in Osaka City .
Meishin Expressway ( National Route 9 ) : Kyoto Minami Interchange - ( Kyoto Prefecture ) - ( Kyoto Prefecture ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 1 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 1 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 2 ) - ( 1 ) - ( 1 ) - ( 1 ) - ( 1 ) - ( 1 ) - ( 1 ) - ( 1 ) - ( however , it is also possible that there was no need for the water transport of water from the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) .
The construction of the Tokaido Main Line and the Kyoto Outer Loop Expressway were completed , and as a result , the construction of the National Route No. 24 Kyoto Outer Loop Expressway and the National Route No. 9 Kyoto Outer Loop Expressway were completed .
The section between the east and west of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) is designated as National Route 27 .
The section between the Oyamazaki Interchange and the Oyamazaki Interchange is under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism .
In addition to the above , there is also a route bus service , which is available between the two stations , and the route bus service and the route bus service , which is available .
Please refer to the section on ' Keiji Bypass ' for details .
Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture
Oyamazaki-cho , Otokuni-gun , Kyoto Prefecture
Height above sea level : 16 km
Road width : 2 lanes
Design speed : 95 km / h
June 31 , 2000 : The construction of the steam locomotive was completed .
Shiga Prefecture
Kyoto Prefecture
Oyamazaki-cho , Otokuni-gun , Kyoto Prefecture : Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City
Meishin Expressway No. 8 Interchange - Meishin Expressway
Meishin Expressway - National Highway 478 Interchange - Meishin Expressway
Oyamazaki Interchange - Oyamazaki Interchange - Oyamazaki Interchange - Meishin Expressway
Keinawa Expressway runs under the bridge .
There is a plan to build a new facility .
Roads are operated by local municipalities unless otherwise specified .
West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) : Kusatsu Line
( The section between the east exit of the station and the west exit of the station and between the east exit of the station and the west exit of the station )
October 12 , 2000 : The entire line was extended to the east of the Kizu Interchange .
November 1 , 2000 : The entire line was opened .
After the establishment of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism , the construction of Shinkansen was started .
November 1 , 1898 : The entire line between Oyamazaki Station and Oyamazaki Station opened .
October 1 , 2005 : The station opened .
Fiscal year 2005 Average Traffic Volume ( Road Traffic Volume )
Oyamazaki Interchange - Oyamazaki Interchange
The section between the east side of the station and the west side of the station is under construction , and the section between the east side of the station and the west side is under construction .
In the spring of 2008 , the head office of the company was placed on the right side of the station and the water was poured into the water .
The section between the east side of the station and the west side of the station is under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism , and the section between the two stations is under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure and Transport .
In addition , there are some areas where people can get on and off the bus at the same time ( for example , in the section between Kyoto Station and Himeji Station ) and get off the bus at the same time ( for example , in the section between Yamashina Station and Himeji Station ) .
However , the construction of the Tokaido Main Line was delayed due to the fact that the track of the Tokaido Main Line was cut off and the track of the Tokaido Main Line was cut off .
The route to the south of the station is a regular route , and the route to the south of the station is a regular route .
On the other hand , there are some areas where people can get on and off the train when they get on and off the train and get off the train at the same time .
National Route 1 runs through the town .
Meishin Expressway and Meishin Expressway are located in the south of the station , but they are also located in the south of the station .
The section between the Kamo Interchange and the Kamo Interchange opened .
Accordingly , the section between the east side of the station and the west side of the station is open to traffic .
The section between the two stations is so narrow that it is difficult for people to get on and off the road .
Uji City - Joyo City - Joyo City - Joyo City - Joyo City
Kumiyama Town Office ( Kyoto Prefecture )
East is upper and west is lower .
The left is on the left and right side is on the right .
Fiscal year 2005 Average Traffic Volume ( Road Traffic Volume )
9 chome , Seika-cho , Soraku-gun
Kumiyama Town Hall - Yawata City Hall
Kizu Regional Development Bureau ( Kinki Regional Transport Bureau )
Kyoto Prefecture Road No. 8 Kyoto Road No. 8 Kyoto Road ( Kyoto Prefectural Road No. 22 Road )
Kyoto Prefecture Road Public Corporation ( tentative name : National Road 478 Road )
Kosho-ji Temple , located in Maizuru City , Kyoto Prefecture , is a temple of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) .
Shinshu sect Otani school is one of the schools of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) and one of the schools of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) and one of the schools of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) .
In 1941 , the formal name of the temple was changed to Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , and the formal name of the temple was ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple . '
The name of the street comes from the fact that the street name of ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple ' and ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple ' are often used .
( Refer to the article on the history of Hongan-ji Temple for details . )
In 1596 , after the death of Hideyoshi TOYOTOMI , the temple was given the honorific mountain prefix of Nishi Hongan-ji Temple by the Imperial Court and became a branch temple of Nishi Hongan-ji Temple .
The name of the street comes from the fact that the street in the east of Higashiyama Ward ( Kyoto City ) and the street in the west of Higashiyama Ward ( Kyoto City ) was designated as a national highway .
In 1941 , it was divided into two groups : one group and the other group , and the other group was divided into two groups .
At the same time , the Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , which was founded at the foot of Mt . Funaoka , was given the name ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple , ' and the name ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple ' was changed to ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple , ' and the name of the temple was changed to ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple . '
In the case of Jodo Shinshu , the name of the school is sometimes changed to Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) and the name of the school is derived from this .
See the details of the uprising .
In the early-modern times , the temple had a large number of buildings including the main hall of the temple , including the main hall of the temple , but it was destroyed by fire during the Great Fire of the Tenmei Era and the Great Fire of the Tenmei Era .
The principal image is Amida Nyorai ( Amitabha Tathagata ) , which was burned down during the Great Fire of the Tenmei era .
The Sanmon gate is one of the three gates in Japan .
His name is included in " Selected Works of Shinran Shonin " ( Iwanami Shoten , Publishers ) .
The area around the station is designated as a World Heritage Site .
He was the present chief priest of Otani University .
National Treasure
Important Cultural Properties
Take the Kyoto City Subway Tozai Line to Kyoto Station .
University
Otani University
Kyoto Koka Women 's University
Osaka Otani University
Junior high school
Osaka University of Art
Osaka Music School
Osaka Women 's University
Myoren-ji Temple ( Maizuru City )
Kyoto Prefectural First Higher Middle School ( old education system ) was established .
It is abbreviated as ' ki . '
He was the first president of Doshisha University .
In 1871 , he became a professor of Osaka Prefectural University .
The rolling stock used for the operation was changed to Express .
1870 : The School of Medicine was renamed as the School of Medicine .
The second temporary teacher training school , Tokyo Imperial University ( closed in 1886 )
In 1886 : First temporary teacher training school , temporary teacher training school , temporary teacher training school
In 1880 , he became a professor at Osaka School of Foreign Languages ( present-day Osaka University ) .
In 1898 , he became a professor at Osaka Prefectural University .
In 1881 , he became a professor at Osaka Prefectural University .
In 1886 , he became an instructor at the Third Higher Middle School ( old education system ) .
In 1890 , he became a professor at the University of Tokyo , and then became a professor at the University of Tokyo .
Faculty of Medicine was renamed Faculty of Medicine .
He became the governor of Kyoto Prefecture and then moved to Kyoto City ( current location of Kyoto City ) in 1903 .
Faculty of Economics was established .
In 1891 , he became the principal of the Third Higher School .
Doshisha Junior High School ( under the old system ) was closed .
The Faculty of Engineering was established .
In 1890 , he was transferred to the Department of Political Science of Kyoto Imperial University ( current Faculty of Letters ) .
Faculty of Law ( Faculty of Law ) was established in the same year .
In 1898 , he became a professor at the Faculty of Medicine , University of Tokyo .
Faculty of Letters , Faculty of Letters , Kyoto Imperial University , was established in 1939 , and Faculty of Letters was established in the same year .
The following year , he became a regular course at the Third High School ( old system ) .
It was renamed as Faculty of Commerce in the same year .
Graduate School of Social Welfare and Graduate School of Social Welfare were established in 2001 .
2007 : The Faculty of Social Studies was established .
Faculty of Commerce was abolished .
2004 : Faculty of Social Studies and Faculty of Social Studies were established .
For details , refer to the article on the education system .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is a Shinto deity .
Ame no Minakanushi no Kami was also known as ' Ame no Minakanushi no Kami ' in ancient times .
It is a shrine where the sun god is enshrined .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) appears in " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) .
It is also known as Ame no Minakanushi no Mikoto .
The " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) describes that ' Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is the sun god and the sun god is the sun god . '
There is a theory that he was not a male god but a female god .
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , it was decided that the gods of heaven and earth should be the same as those of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , and that the gods of heaven and earth should be the same as those of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , and that the gods of heaven and earth should be the same as those of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
The Three Sacred Treasures of the Imperial Family , the Yata no Kagami ( mirror ) , and the Yata no Kagami ( mirror ) , are dedicated to the Imperial Family , and the Yata no Kagami ( mirror ) is dedicated to the Imperial Family .
Originally , it was written in kanji ( Chinese characters ) , but later it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , it is considered that the god was originally a god of literature .
Descriptions in mythology
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , when he was about to die , he went back to his hometown and went back to his hometown , where he found that he was a god of fire and a god of fire .
He was born as the third son of Izanagi and Izanami , and he was also born as the third son of Izanagi .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) was ordered to go back to his country .
Izanagi went back to his hometown , Yamato Province , and when he was about to go back to his hometown , he said :
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , who was a daughter of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , went back to his hometown , Yamato Province , where he was ordered by her father , Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , to take up arms .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , the sun god and the moon god , who were born in the same year , were given the same treatment as those given by her , but they were not given the same treatment as those given by Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
It is said that he was born between Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) and Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
Ame no Minakanushi no Kami
Ame no Minakanushi no Kami
Mukomachi no Kami
NISHINOUMI Shrine
Yamatohime no Mikoto
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) hid herself in the Ama no iwato ( Cave of Heaven ) of the Ama no iwato ( Cave of Heaven ) .
The life of people is long and long and long .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , who was ordered by her father , Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) to go to the land of the dead , and then to the land of the dead , and then to the land of the dead , and then to the land of the dead .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) gave birth to a child named Isotakeru , who descended from heaven to rule Ashihara no Nakatsukuni .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) gave birth to a child , and when he went back to his hometown , he went back to his hometown in Ashihara no Nakatsukuni ( the Central Land of Reed Plains ) .
Commentary
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , the sun god and the moon god , are believed to have been the same god as those of other gods , and it is said that they were ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to keep the eye of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) in the Imperial Palace .
It is thought that this is the origin of the Shinto ritual .
She is also known as ' Hime ' and is enshrined in the hall of worship .
It is said that the gods of heaven and earth were originally male gods , but they were originally male gods .
There is a theory that this was the first time when the Empress Jito and the Empress Jito were born .
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , it was decided that , on the other hand , it was decided that , on the other hand , the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) , the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) , the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) , and the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) , all of which were made in the early stage of the world , would be the main stream of the world .
In addition to the above , there is a description in the " Engishiki " ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) that says that the gods of heaven and earth , the gods of heaven and earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth and earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth and earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth and earth , and the gods of water and earth , are also included in the " Engishiki " ( codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) .
There are two theories about the origin of the word , one is that it was created during the reign of Emperor Sujin , and the other is that it was created during the reign of Emperor Suizei , and the other is that it was created during the reign of Emperor Suizei .
It is said that , in the past , there was a custom in which people in the eastern part of Japan and people in the eastern part of Japan were afraid of the change in the age of the gods , and therefore , it can be said that people in the eastern part of Japan began to think of the change in the age of the gods .
The " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) also states that this is because of the fact that the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
The following is a summary of the incident .
645 : The Taika Reforms
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) was not enshrined in this shrine .
In the case of ' Ame ' ( heaven ) , ' Ame ' ( heaven ) .
It is the only shrine where the god is enshrined .
The shrine 's name is written in kanji ( Chinese characters ) as ' Katsuragi ' in kanji ( Chinese characters ) , ' Katsuragi ' in kanji ( Chinese characters ) , ' Katsuragi ' in kanji ( Chinese characters ) , and ' Katsuragi ' in kanji ( Chinese characters ) , but the shrine 's name is also written in kanji ( Chinese characters ) , and the shrine 's name is also written in kanji ( Chinese characters ) , and the shrine 's name is also written in kanji ( Chinese characters ) as ' Katsuragi ' in kanji ( Chinese characters ) , and the shrine 's name is also written in kanji ( Chinese characters ) , ' Katsuragi ' and ' Katsuragi ' in kanji ( Chinese characters ) .
The clan was descended from the same ancestor as the Mononobe clan , and the clan was descended from the same ancestor as the Ame no Murakumo no Tsurugi ( Ame no Murakumo no Tsurugi ) .
He was a younger paternal half-brother of Empress Jingu .
672 : The Jinshin War occurred .
The name of the god ' refers to the ' male god ' and the ' female god ' means the ' female god . '
In addition , there is a theory that the name of the god of war was ' Ama no Minakanushi no Kami ' ( one of the gods in Japanese mythology ) and that the god of war was ' Ama no Minakanushi no Kami ' ( one of the gods in Japanese mythology ) .
The shrine was founded in 1895 .
Amaterasu Omikami ' ( the Sun Goddess ) is a Shinto deity .
She was a goddess .
She was the empress of the Emperor Yuryaku , and was also a symbol of the prosperity of the ancient times .
In addition , the honorific title ' Tenno ' ( Emperor ) was also used .
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , it was decided that " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) would be written in the same way as the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , and that the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) would be written in the same way as the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , and that the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) would be written in the same way as the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , and that the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) would be written in the same way as the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
In 1872 , he became a Shinto priest of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) and was enshrined at the Yasukuni-jinja Shrine .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , the sun god , and the moon god are the same god as those of other gods , and they are considered to be the same god as the same god as those of ' the sun god ' and ' the sun god ' and ' the sun god , ' and the two deities of ' the moon god , ' the sun god and the sun god , ' are considered to be the same god as those of ' the sun god ' and ' the sun god , ' and the two gods of ' the sun god , ' the sun god , ' the sun god and the sun god , ' and the two gods of ' the sun god , ' the sun god , ' the sun god and the sun god , respectively .
It is said that the reason why the gods of heaven and earth were separated from each other was that ' the gods of heaven and earth , ' ' the gods of earth and earth , ' ' the God of earth , ' ' the God of earth , ' ' the God of earth , ' ' the God of earth , ' and ' the God of earth , ' which were closely connected to each other .
When he was asked by his father , ' What do you think about the future ? ' and ' what do you think about the future of the country ? '
After the demise of Emperor Meiji , it was decided that the Imperial Throne should be returned to the original Emperor .
It is said that this was the beginning of the policy of the separation of Buddhism and Shintoism , and the fact that there were many cases in which the Imperial Court was forced to change its name from Shinto to Shinto .
Refer to State Shinto .
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , she was given a Buddhist name of ' Ama no Murakumo no Tsurugi ' ( literally , ' Flower of Mt . Fuji ' ) by her mother .
In addition , it is said that the reason why the gods of heaven and earth were separated from each other was because of the fact that the gods of heaven and earth were not separated from each other , but because of the fact that ' the gods of heaven and earth were not separated from each other . '
In addition , there is no record of him having been involved in a series of incidents such as the death penalty , the death penalty , the death penalty , and so on .
Nara National Museum of Japanese History ( established in 1934 ) , which is said to have been the residence of Prince Shotoku .
The world of the dead is the world of the gods .
In addition , it is said that ' Izanagi ' and ' Izanami ' were born in the form of a human being in the form of a human being in the form of a human being in the form of a human being in the form of a human being in the form of a human being .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess )
The shrines that enshrine Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) are listed in the ' Engishiki ' ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) , and the shrines that enshrine Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) are located in the precincts of the shrine .
One of the Three Sacred Treasures of the Imperial Family , located at the east side of the shrine .
The most important shrine in Japan is Ise-jingu Shrine , and the grand festival is held at the shrine .
" Tenka " was used in the name of the official rank system of the Edo bakufu .
He was also known as a man of high virtue .
( He was not allowed to wear a sword . )
They were originally a group of people living in the area .
In addition , in the medieval period , the term ' Samurai ' was used to refer to a person who was in charge of the administration of a province .
Shugo daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord as provincial constable ) during the Sengoku period ( period of warring states ) .
Sengoku daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) in the Sengoku period ( period of warring states ) ( Japan ) saw this as a symbol of their control over their own territories .
In the Edo period , the post was given to daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) as a reward for the achievement of the Battle of Sekigahara .
A hatamoto ( direct retainers of the bakufu , which is a form of Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) with a stipend of 200 koku ( approximately 180 liters of crop yield ) of rice was called daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
In addition , the term " sengoku daimyo " ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) was used to refer to those who were engaged in trade with Spain and Portugal .
The history of the domain in the Edo period is as follows .
For more information , refer to the article of the Sengoku daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) .
Daimyo in the Edo period
In the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , the following three families were promoted to the rank of daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and to the rank of Jugoi ( Junior Fifth Rank ) , and to the rank of daimyo ( feudal lord ) .
Fudai daimyo ( a daimyo in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) and hatamoto ( direct retainers of the bakufu , which is a form of Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) in the early Edo period , and after the Battle of Sekigahara , they were classified into two groups : the first group ( the second group ) and the second group ( the fourth group ( the fourth group ) ) , and the second group ( the fourth group ( the fourth group ) ) , and the second group ( the fourth group ( the fourth group ) ) and the fourth group ( the fourth group ) .
After the death of Shogun Hidetada TOKUGAWA , he was given the family name of Matsudaira by the Imperial Court , and he was given the family name of Matsudaira from the Imperial Court and became a vassal of the Tokugawa family , while retaining his position as a member of the House of Peers , a branch family of the Fujiwara clan , as well as a branch family of the Shimazu clan , which was a branch family of the Shimazu clan , as well as a branch family of the Shimazu clan , and also as a branch family of the Shimazu clan , he was granted the title of Matsudaira .
In the same year , he was adopted by Ieyasu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Owari Domain , and became the second son of Ieyasu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Echizen Domain .
In the same year , he became a member of the Gotairo ( Council of Five Elders ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and became a member of the Gotairo ( Council of Five Elders ) of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ; however , he became a member of the Gotairo ( Council of Five Elders ) of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) after the Battle of Sekigahara and became a member of the Gotairo ( Council of Five Elders ) of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
In addition , in the early Edo period , there were many cases in which the head family of the Asano clan , the lord family of the Mori clan , was punished by being deprived of the rank of Samurai status , and the head family of the Asano clan , the branch family of the Asano clan , and the branch family of the Asano clan of the Mori clan , the lord of the Yonezawa Domain in Dewa Province , and the branch family of the Asano clan of the Mori clan , the lord of the Yonezawa Domain in Dewa Province , were punished by being deprived of their official ranks .
These were the military power of the clan .
At the time of the Battle of Sekigahara , the Ii family was a branch family of the Tokugawa clan , and they were also a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
In addition , there was an incident in which a vassal of the Tokugawa family committed seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) in order to avoid a conflict with the bakufu .
In addition to the above , there were many cases in which the Mori clan , who were a branch family of the Fujiwara clan , was appointed to the post of daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) in the Edo period , such as the Mori clan , the Mori clan , the Mori clan , the Mori clan , the Mori clan , the Tachibana clan , the Tachibana clan , the Tachibana clan , the Tachibana clan , the Tachibana clan , the Tachibana clan , the Tachibana clan , the Tachibana clan , the Tachibana clan , the Tachibana clan , the Tachibana clan , the Mori clan , the Tachibana clan , the Tachibana clan , the Mori clan , the Mori clan , the Mori clan , the Mori clan , and so on , and were ordered to return to the Imperial Court by the Tokugawa Shogunate .
For example , in the case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the previous case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the previous case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the previous case of the former case of the former case of the Kaga Domain , the territory of the Kaga Domain and the Kaga Domain , the territory of the Kaga Domain , the Kaga Domain and the Kaga domain of the Kaga Domain , the Kaga Domain and the Kaga domain of the Kaga Domain , they were treated as a kind of the daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
For details , please refer to the article on " The Family Tree of the Tokugawa Family . "
In addition to the above , there were many cases in which the land was confiscated by the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and the land was confiscated by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , while the land was confiscated by the daimyo ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
In addition , there were cases in which a village was divided into two or more units .
His territory was 10,000 koku , and his family was a branch family of the Ogasawara clan in Shimotsuke Province .
It is said that he was a descendant of the Ashikaga clan .
In addition , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) to build a new system of centralized government .
In addition , during the Edo period , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered that the number of people who could not participate in the war would increase .
It is also known as Buke Shohatto ( Laws for the Military Houses ) .
He was a member of Kizokuin ( the House of Peers ) and a viscount .
He was a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) who lived in castle town .
In addition , there is a tea room in the residence of the lord of the Aizu Domain in Edo .
He was a vassal of the shogun family .
They were ordered by the Tokugawa shogunate to take care of the castle town and castle town .
In some cases , it is used as a base for a group of people .
The Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) to construct a new castle in the western part of Japan .
It was a feudal retainer of the domain .
In addition , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to make a living by collecting money from wealthy merchants and merchants .
Daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) in charge of guarding the Imperial Palace .
Fushin fushin :
He held a tea ceremony party .
In addition , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered Daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) to make a pilgrimage to the shrine .
It is eaten with a small amount of water and is eaten with chopsticks .
It is also said that there is a custom of eating this dish .
It is made from fish meat and meat .
In addition , he was given a license to carry out a tea ceremony .
It is a very popular dish .
In addition , there is a description of a person who was in charge of making tofu ( bean curd ) , and a person who was in charge of making tofu ( bean curd ) .
It is made of plain wood .
In the early-modern times , the word ' manga ' was used to refer to the documents written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) or kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , which were written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) or kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
It was not until the Edo period that the word ' Kosode ' came to be used as a general noun .
In the past , the word ' manga ' was used as a general noun , but in recent years , the word ' manga ' has been used as an abbreviation for ' manga ' ( a comic tanka [ thirty-one syllables ' poem ] tanka [ thirty-one syllables ' poem ] ) , and in recent years , it is also used as an abbreviation for ' manga ' ( a comic tanka [ thirty-one syllables ' poem ] ) .
From the beginning of the Edo period , the word ' manga ' came to be used as a general noun .
Shugo daimyo ( shugo , which were Japanese provincial military governors , that became daimyo , which were Japanese feudal lords )
Fudai daimyo ( a daimyo in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) and tozama daimyo ( nonhereditary feudal lord )
Han ( Domains )
Daimyo ( feudal lord )
