The mausoleum
Eisai was a Buddhist monk who lived in the early Kamakura period .
Founder of the Soto Sect .
At that time , he was known as a master of calligraphy .
It is also referred to as ' sei . '
His shigo ( posthumous name ) was Daito Kokushi .
He was also known as Dogen .
It is said that there was a custom of placing hot water on the surface of hot spring water and eating it .
It is said that the origin of the name is from the fact that it was made from the trees of trees and trees of trees .
His father was MINAMOTO no Yoritomo , and his official court rank was Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) Gon Dainagon ( a provisional chief councilor of state ) .
His father was MINAMOTO no Yoritomo , who had the title of Gon Dainagon ( provisional chief councilor of state ) , and his mother was a daughter of MINAMOTO no Yoshinaka , who had the title of Ukyo no daibu ( Master of the Western Capital Offices ) .
His father was MINAMOTO no Akifusa , who was Udaijin ( minister of the right ) .
His first wife was a daughter of Yoshitsune KUJO , and later he was promoted to Chunagon ( vice-councilor of state ) ( " Genpei Seisui ki " ( Rise and Fall of the Minamoto and Taira clans ) ) .
It is said that the reason why he became a priest was that he did not get along with his older brother , FUJIWARA no Sadaie , who was the heir of the Kujo family , and that he did not get along well with him when he was three years old .
There is a theory that says that he was a child of Shinran , and that he was a child of Shinran .
It is said that the first half of the book was written by Nichiren himself and the second half was written by him .
In the same year , he became a priest in Mt . Hiei with his father .
In the same year , he became a priest and was given the title of Daishi ( a title of honor given to a Buddhist priest ) of Mt . Hiei .
He became a priest of Enryaku-ji Temple on Mt . Hiei in Tendai Sect .
In 1225 , he became a priest of Tofuku-ji Temple on Mt . Koya .
In the same year , he went to China , and in the same year , he became a priest of the Soto sect at Mt . Koya , and in the Soto sect of Buddhism , he founded the Soto sect .
He returned to Japan in 1212 .
He became the chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple in Kyoto City .
After the incident , he lived in Mt . Hiei .
In December of the same year , he was appointed to the Governor of Echizen Province by the order of his father , and he was appointed to the Governor of Echizen Province .
The origin of the name of the residence was the residence of the chief retainer of the Hosokawa clan in Ono Village , Kadono County , Omi Province ( present Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture ) .
In 1602 , he founded Kosho-ji Temple in Izumi Province .
In the same year , he succeeded to the position of chief priest of Tofuku-ji Temple and changed his name to Tofuku-ji Temple .
In the same year , he went to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his younger brother , FUJIWARA no Yoritsune .
It was in the Kamakura period when the Zen sect was introduced to Japan , but it was in fact brought back to Japan in August of the same year .
In the same year , he died at the age of 44 , and in the same year , he became a priest at Tofuku-ji Temple in Kyoto , but he died at the age of 44 , and he succeeded to the position of the chief priest of Tofuku-ji Temple .
It is said that he died of illness .
It is said that the reason why only one person can not become a Buddha is that he or she can not become a Buddha , and that he or she can not become a Buddha in the same way as Buddha , and that he or she can become a Buddha in the same way as Buddha in the same way as Buddha 's teachings and that he or she can become a Buddha in the same way as Buddha in the same way as Buddha 's teachings .
It is said that the reason why the Jodo ( Pure Land ) sect did not appear in the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) was because of the influence of Buddhism .
It is the way to become a Buddha and to become a Buddha .
The following is an example :
3 . All of them are good and evil .
It is said that the number of people who were not allowed to enter the Buddhist priesthood was four .
The color and color of water .
One of the reasons for the above is to pray to Buddha for the happiness of all living things , such as Buddha , Buddha , and so on .
The three treasures of Buddhism .
The reason why he became a priest was that he did not go to the Pure Land but did not go to the Pure Land and that he did not go to the Pure Land to become a Buddha and that he did not go to the Pure Land .
" Kuyo " ( Buddhist prayer )
" Commentary on the Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , published by Iwanami Shoten , 1972
" Shin Nihon Koten Bungaku Zenshu " ( The Complete Works of Modern Japanese Literature , Vol . 2 , Ltd . ) ( Iwanami Shoten , 1976 )
" Shin Nihon Koten Bungaku Taikei " ( The Complete Works of Japanese Classic Literature ) ( Iwanami Shoten , 1979 )
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " ( Iwanami Shoten , 1976 )
" The Complete Works of Yukichi FUKUZAWA " ( Kodansha Ltd . , 1993 , Iwanami Shoten )
" The Analects of Confucius "
" Kuyo " ( Buddhist mass )
" The Complete Works of Old Man " ( Kodansha Ltd . , 1979 , Iwanami Shoten , Kodansha Ltd . )
" Shinsen Shojiroku " ( Newly Compiled Register of Shinto and Buddhism )
Dogen 's " Selected Verses on the Pure Land "
" How to deal with the world and the world , " published by Kodansha Ltd . ( 1936 )
" Shin Nihon Koten Bungaku Zenshu " ( Complete Works of Japanese Classic Literature , Vol . 2 , Vol . 2 , vol . 2 , vol . 2 , Vol . 2 , Mt . Koya )
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " ( Iwanami Shoten , 1976 )
" Commentary on the Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , published by Iwanami Shoten , 1967
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " ( Kodansha Ltd . , 1993 )
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " ( Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra ) ( Iwanami Shoten , 1999 )
It is a collection of books written by Shuho Myocho , and a collection of books written by Shuho Myocho .
List of books
" Selected Biography of Priest Myoe " written by Kenko YOSHIDA
" Genji Monogatari Emaki " ( Illustrated Scroll of the Tale of Genji ) ( owned by the Yomei Bunko Art Museum )
Color painting on silk of portrait of Muso Kokushi inscribed by Shuho Myocho
" Commentary on the Meditation Sutra " ( Commentary on the Meditation Sutra ) , Volume 6 , 1919
" Bussetsu Muryoju-kyo " ( Sutra of the Buddha of the Buddha of the Present ) , published by Iwanami Shoten Publishing Co . , Ltd .
" Shin Nihon Koten Bungaku Taikei " ( Complete Collection of Japanese Literature , Important Cultural Property )
" Collection of Buddhist Scriptures , Volume 3 , Volume 3 , " edited by Shuho Myocho , published by Daigo-ji Temple in 1966
" Bussetsu Muryoju-kyo Sutra " ( The Sutra of Amida Buddha , color on silk ) ( Important Cultural Property )
The Asahi Shinbun newspaper was included in the ' Complete Works of Yukichi FUKUZAWA ' published by Iwanami Shoten .
His first appearance is in the novel ' Hana no Jin ' ( Flower Road ) written by Ryotaro SHIBA .
It is included in the second volume of " Taiheiki " ( The Record of the Great Peace ) written by Ryotaro SHIBA .
The second volume of " Nihon Sankei Shinbun " ( The Tale of Times Now Past ) written by Ryotaro SHIBA .
" Commentary on the Great Wisdom Sutra " written by Sogi
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum ( Kyoto Prefecture ) : A museum located in front of the station , located in front of the station
It was decided that the construction of the facilities would be completed on the same day as the establishment of the Japan National Railways ( JNR ) and Japan National Railways ( JNR ) , and that the construction of the facilities would be completed on the first anniversary of the establishment of the Kyoto Prefectural Government on the first anniversary of the establishment of the Kyoto Prefectural Government on March 10 , 1934 .
In the wake of the division and privatization of JNR in 1987 , the station became a JR West station .
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum and Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum used to be in charge of the Fukuchiyama Line .
In the early Showa period , there was a growing demand for a new type of steam locomotive , but it was abandoned in the end of the same year .
In addition to the above , there is a description in the ' History of Japan , ' which says that the head office was located in front of the main gate of the main gate of the main building of the Imperial Palace in Hiroshima City , Hiroshima Prefecture , and the ' History of Japan , ' which was built in the early Meiji period , and the ' History of Japan , ' which was completed in the same year , it was decided that the main building of the main building of the main building of the main building of the main building of the main building of the Imperial Museum of Modern Art in Hiroshima City , Hiroshima Prefecture was built there .
In the past , there were two types of steam locomotives , one was a model steam locomotive , and the other was a model steam locomotive , which was a model steam locomotive , but the steam locomotives were not permitted to be used .
The Museum of Kyoto is located on the east side of the second floor of the main building , and the Museum of Modern Art is located on the west side of the second floor .
April 1 , 1934 : The first floor of the building was made of wood , and the second floor was made of wood , and the third floor was made of wood .
In 2004 , it was designated as a special historic site .
As of 2008 , the main building of the Museum of Modern Art was built on the second floor of the station building , and the main building of the museum was built on the third floor of the station .
The construction of the station was completed in 1938 , and the building of the former Kyoto Prefectural Government Building was completed in the same year with the building of the former residence of MINAMOTO no Yoshitsune .
Sagano Scenic Railway Co . , Ltd . , built a new station house in Sagano , Kyoto City in 1981 , and a new station building was built in the same year ; however , the construction work was completed in the same year , and the construction work of the new station house was completed in the same year , and the construction work of the new station house was completed in the same year , and the construction work of the new station house was completed in the same year with the construction of the new station building of the new Kyoto Main Line ( Sagano Line ) and the new station house was completed in the same year .
It was designated as a national important cultural property in 1996 .
In the early Showa period , there were two types of steam locomotives : one was made of wood , one was made of wood , and the other was made of wood .
In the past , there were two types of steam locomotives ; one was the first type and the other was the second type and the second type of steam locomotives were the second type of steam locomotives ; and the other was the second type and the fourth type of steam locomotives were the fourth type and the fourth type of steam locomotives were the fourth type and the fourth type of steam locomotives were the fourth type , respectively .
The trains that arrive at and depart from and depart from Platform 3 are operated in the section between Takarazuka Station and Amanohashidate Station , and the trains that depart from and arrive at and depart from Platform 3 are operated in the section between Takarazuka Station and Amanohashidate Station and in the section between Takarazuka Station and Amanohashidate Station .
In addition , there are some cases where the train is operated without a conductor or when the train runs without a conductor .
There are two types of steam locomotives , one is " steam locomotives " and the other is " steam locomotives . "
Uzumasa Station , located in the south of the station , is a temporary facility that was constructed on the second floor of the station , and the construction of a new station was completed on the second floor of the station , and the construction of a new station was completed on the third floor of the station building on the second floor of the Kyoto Municipal Subway Karasuma Line .
The area around the station is also part of the area .
In the same year , the construction of steam locomotives was completed , and steam locomotives were transferred to the Japan Freight Railway Company ( JR West ) .
plum blossoms
This is the origin of the word ' fusuma ' ( board ) .
In 2004 , the steam locomotive was used for the first time in Japan , and the steam locomotive was used for the second floor , and the steam locomotive was used for the third floor , and the steam locomotive was used for the fourth floor .
The reason why the name of the office was abolished was as of 2008 .
The actual number of seats is two , but the actual number of seats is two .
JNR steam locomotive steam locomotive
It was manufactured in 1932 .
The company was incorporated into the Hokkaido Railway Company .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113
In 1914 , he was employed at the Kawasaki factory .
Freight service started at this station .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1991 , the museum was opened .
JNR / JR Kiha 40 Series Diesel Cars
1977 : The Maizuru Red Cross Hospital opened .
He became the governor of Kagoshima Prefecture .
It was issued in 1997 .
In 2002 , it was opened to the public for the first time and was opened to the public in 2002 .
JNR steam locomotive
1944 : Kaya Railway Co . , Ltd .
The company was in charge of the management of the railway company , Ltd . , whose head office was located in Matsumoto City . , Ltd .
In 1953 , the company started the operation .
JNR / JR Diesel Cars Type 120 ( steam locomotive )
It was manufactured in 1934 .
It was introduced in 1943 .
In the same year , it was transferred to the Museum of Fine Arts , located at the site of the Museum of Modern Art in Fukuyama City , Okayama Prefecture .
JNR steam locomotive steam locomotive ( steam locomotive )
It was manufactured in 1928 .
The construction work was completed in 1931 .
In 1949 , he was involved in the construction of the Museum of Modern Art , Ltd . , and the construction of the museum was completed .
JNR steam locomotive
1932 : The steam locomotive was manufactured .
The operation of this bus route started .
It was issued in 1997 .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 ( 200 )
1932 : The company purchased it from the company .
He became the governor of Hyogo Prefecture at the same time .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 3000 ( second class car )
1934 : The company was founded .
He became the governor of Niigata Prefecture .
Kaya Steam Locomotive
It was manufactured in 1934 .
The operation of the operating section was changed to a passenger car .
In 1953 , the company started the operation .
JNR steam locomotive
1944 : The company was founded .
The operation of this bus route was transferred to the Nara Line .
It was issued in 1997 .
JNR steam locomotive steam locomotive ( steam locomotive )
In 1944 , it was manufactured by Mitsubishi Corporation .
He became the governor of Kumamoto Prefecture .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1949 , the company was reorganized .
JNR / JR Kiha 58 Series Diesel Car ( steam locomotive )
In 1944 , it was manufactured by Hitachi Corporation .
It was transferred to the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) in 1977 .
It was transferred to the Kinki Nippon Railway Company ( JR West ) in 1977 .
1997 : The station house was relocated to its current site .
The second generation : Type 1 steam locomotive ( railway )
In 1944 , it was manufactured by Hitachi Corporation .
It was the site of the detached office of the Hokkaido Development Commission .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1949 , the company was reorganized .
Kaya Railway Co . , Ltd.
In 1931 , he was born .
It was a branch office .
It was issued in 1997 .
Kaya Railway steam locomotive
In 1977 , he was employed at the Kawasaki factory .
He became the governor of Toyooka Prefecture .
In 1953 , the company started the operation .
Track gauge : 130 km / h
In 1902 , he was transferred to the Ministry of Railways , Ltd . , and then to the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
The Tanabe branch office was established in the town .
In 1957 , the steam locomotive was used .
In 1949 , the company was reorganized .
JNR steam locomotive
1944 : The company was founded .
It was the second branch office of the Hokkaido Development Commission .
It was issued in 1997 .
Monochrome ink painting on a pair of white stones
Monochrome ink painting on paper
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum , Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum
A pair of iron pieces of iron blade with an inscription on the upper part of the blade
A pair of stone lantern ( an important cultural property )
Monochrome ink painting on a pair of white stones
Red Brick steam locomotive ( No. 12 )
Monochrome ink painting on a white background
Monochrome ink painting on a pair of stones
A pair of wooden sword with an inscription on the upper part
West Japan Railway Company ( JR West )
Two persons were given the same number of seats .
JNR / JR Passenger Car Series 10
A box lunch is available .
It is made of wood , and it is made of wood , and it is made of wood .
There is no toilet .
" Tale of the Heike " ( tentative name : " Museum of Japanese History " )
" Onmyoji " ( 2004 , Fuji Television Network )
Umekoji Steam Locomotive Museum
" The Tale of Genji " was released on the first anniversary of the foundation of the Daiei film company , and was released on the second year of the Showa period .
In 1997 , the museum was opened , and the facility was opened as a public library and a public library .
There are three buildings : ' 1st floor , ' ' 2nd floor , ' ' 2nd floor , ' and ' 2nd floor . '
" The New Year 's Eve " ( 1977 ) , " The New Year 's Eve "
Shiki Sanban is one of the traditional performing arts .
It is a Buddhist term used to refer to a part of Buddhist sutra .
In Chinese characters , it is called " Senko " or " Senko . "
The name of the temple is written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
It is one of the architectural styles in China .
The Four Books of Confucianism : the Four Books of Confucianism , the Four Books of Confucianism , the Four Books of Confucianism , and the Four Books of Confucianism
It was introduced into Japan through the influence of Buddhism .
In Japan , it is said that the Great Buddha Hall of Todai-ji Temple was built in order to pray for the recovery of the Emperor from smallpox in the eighth century .
During the reign of Emperor Enyu , he was given the title of Daishi ( the third highest rank in the hierarchy of Buddhist priests ) and the title of Daishi ( the third highest rank in the hierarchy of Buddhist priests ) .
In addition , there are various schools of Japanese Buddhism , such as the Tendai Sect and the Shingon Sect .
This is a part of the Buddhist sutra .
As a result , he was not able to become a priest .
Later , the musical instruments were replaced with the musical instruments .
There are two types of schools , one is the art of warfare and another is the art of warfare .
It is said that , in addition to the above , there were some differences in the contents of the book , such as that of the master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's master 's disciples and disciples 's disciples 's disciples 's disciples ' disciples ' disciples ' disciples ' disciples ' disciples ' disciples ' disciples ' disciples ' disciples .
On the other hand , he was also involved in a conflict between the two sides .
In addition , the number of schools has decreased and many schools have disappeared .
In the Tendai sect , it was established by Saicho .
After the death of Saicho , he was also active as a monk and a monk .
He was the founder of the Yuzu Nenbutsu sect .
In 1142 , he became the chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple in Uji , Kyoto City .
It is said that the temple was founded by HATA no Kawakatsu , the founder of the Shugendo ( Japanese mountain asceticism-shamanism incorporating Shinto and Buddhist concepts ) , and named Mt . Koya after Mt . Koya .
He became the chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple on Mt . Koya , and later he became the chief priest of Kiyomizu-dera Temple .
Since then , he has been working as a Buddhist monk and a Buddhist monk .
Later , he devoted himself to the restoration of Kiyomizu-dera Temple .
With respect to the development of new music , a new technique of composition was introduced .
In the past , the Tendai sect and the Tendai sect were established .
nenbutsu ( Buddhist invocation ) , nenbutsu ( Buddhist invocation ) and so on are included in the category of nenbutsu ( Buddhist invocation ) .
This is the beginning of the Shingon Esoteric Buddhism .
In the early stage , he received kanjo ( ceremony to be the successor ) from Kukai .
It is said that he was a monk of the Tendai Sect .
He was also involved in the selection of Noh songs .
In the early-modern times , there were many cases in which the three families of the Ono clan , the Ono clan , the Ono clan , the Ono clan , and the Ono clan were allowed to enter the Buddhist priesthood .
In the early-modern times , the Shingon sect was abolished .
In the early-modern times , the Yamashina school was divided into two schools ; the Yamashina school and the Yamashina school , and in the early modern period , it was divided into two schools .
It is a grand head temple of the Tendai Sect in Mt . Koya , Mt . Koya , Mt . Koya and Mt . Koya during the Edo period .
It is a school of the Shingon sect , and it is one of the schools of the Zen sect , along with the Ono school of the Shingon sect and Ono school of the Shingon sect .
It was a school of the Hosso sect .
In the same year , it was founded by Hideyoshi TOYOTOMI as a branch temple of the Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , and in the same year , it was built in the precincts of Daitoku-ji Temple in Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture .
It is also known as ' The Great Wisdom Sutra , ' ' The Great Wisdom Sutra ' and ' The Great Wisdom Sutra . '
It was founded by Shinjo ITO ( the founder of the Shingon sect ) .
The residence of the Ono family in Ono , Nara City .
In the same year , he built Kiyomizu-dera Temple on Mt . Koya and Mt . Koya ( Mt . Koya ) .
Later , the name of the mountain was changed to Mt . Koya , and the name of the mountain was changed to Mt . Koya .
It is also referred to as a stone lantern or a stone lantern .
In addition to the above , there are various kinds of music , such as music , music , music , and music .
It is a kind of music that can be enjoyed in a short distance .
Emperor Tenchi
A woman .
Prince Otsu ( year of birth unknown - June , 686 )
He was the eighth Emperor .
His Japanese-style posthumous name was YAMATO Takeru no Mikoto .
His imina ( personal name ) was Sukune .
His childhood name was Prince Shotoku .
He was commonly called Prince Shotoku .
The name of ' Prince Shotoku ' is used in the following part : ' Prince Shotoku . '
The chronological table
He was the second Prince of Emperor Jomei .
Her mother was Empress Kogyoku .
His mother was a daughter of Prince Karu ( Emperor Tenmu ) and younger maternal half-sister of Prince Kusakabe .
In the same year , Emperor Tenchi was assassinated by his uncle SOGA no Umako , and SOGA no Umako was appointed as the successor to the Imperial Throne .
" Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) and other history books were completed under the leadership of the Soga clan .
The next year , the Emperor was killed by SOGA no Umako and others .
In the same year , he went to Tang ( China ) together with his older brother , Prince Shotoku , but he was defeated in the Battle of Hakusukinoe and returned to Japan .
In the same year , he was sent to Tang ( China ) , but he died at the age of 56 .
After the demise of Emperor Tenchi , the following year , he returned to Japan , but it is said that he was only two years after the demise of Emperor Tenchi .
In the same year , the three countries of Wa ( Japan ) , Wa ( Japan ) , and Kudara ( Paekche ) , which were under the control of the government , were constructed at the same time , and they were placed under the control of the government .
The twelve cap rank system was introduced in the same way as the twelve cap ranks .
He was given the family name of ' Kuni no Miyatsuko ' in the eighth year of Emperor Monmu 's reign .
Emperor Tenchi 's Prince , Prince Otomo ( later Emperor Tenchi ) , is said to have ascended the throne .
However , after Emperor Tenmu died , his son , Prince Otomo ( Emperor Kobun ) , became the crown prince .
Emperor Tenmu and Empress Jito were born in this period .
He was the eldest son of Emperor Tenchi , and after Emperor Shotoku , he succeeded to the throne as Emperor Shotoku .
The next year , he married a daughter of Prince Otomo ( Emperor Kobun ) and had an affair with him .
Brief Personal History
538 : He was born .
Prince Naka no Oe ( later Emperor Shomu ) : He became the Crown Prince on March 24 , 645 .
Prince Otomo ( Emperor Junnin ) : He passed away on October 24 , 671 .
Emperor Tenchi ( his reign lasted from February 13 , 686 to March 28 , 1987 )
He died at the age of 56 on January 24 , 672 .
However , according to " Taiheiki " ( The Record of the Great Peace ) , he escaped from the Imperial Palace with his younger brother , Emperor Kobun , and died in battle .
Emperor Tenchi 's reign lasted from the beginning to the beginning of the 20th century .
On the other hand , there are various theories .
Emperor Tenmu was in favor of him .
There is also a theory that says that he was the first son of Emperor Tenchi , and that he was the younger brother of Emperor Tenchi , and that he was the younger brother of Emperor Tenmu , and that he was also the younger brother of Emperor Tenmu .
According to the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , he was the first prince of Emperor Tenmu , but he died young at the age of 56 .
The details of his life are unknown , but it is said that he lived from the end of the 16th century to the beginning of the 20th century .
According to the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , after the death of his father , Emperor Tenchi , he had no choice but to do with his older brother , Emperor Tenchi , and therefore , it is said that he had no choice but to do with his older brother , Prince Kusakabe , so he was called ' the first prince of the Emperor , ' and he was named ' the second prince of the Emperor . '
According to the " Kojiki " ( Records of Ancient Matters ) and the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , it is said that he was born in the year when he was born , or that he was born in the same year .
" Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) describes that there was no successor to the Imperial Throne after the death of Emperor Tenchi .
That is , the total solar calendar was used for the first time .
In addition , there is a theory that says that the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) was written in the same way as the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) was written in the same way as the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
( " Nihonshoki " [ Chronicles of Japan ] )
Prince Naka no Oe ( later Emperor Tenchi ) is said to have been assassinated by SOGA no Iruka .
In addition , there is a theory that says that he was a member of the Imperial family and was involved in the assassination of Prince Shotoku .
Naka no Oe no Oji was also suspected of being involved in this incident .
It is said that this was the first time when the Taiho Ritsuryo ( Taiho Code ) was compiled , but it is also said that the contents of the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) were changed .
In addition , there is a theory that says that Emperor Tenchi was not involved in the succession dispute , and that he was not involved in the succession dispute of the Imperial Throne , but was also involved in the succession dispute of the Imperial Throne .
There is a theory that says that Emperor Tenmu was a child of Emperor Tenmu .
According to the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , she was a younger sister of Emperor Tenchi , and she was also a younger sister of Emperor Tenchi .
It is said that he had no choice but to let his daughter marry into the Imperial Family ; however , after the death of his father , Emperor Tenchi , he had no choice but to do with the plan to kill himself , and therefore , he sent an envoy to the Imperial court with his younger maternal half-brother , Imperial Prince Kawashima , Prince Kawashima , to ask him about the future of the Soga clan 's succession to the Imperial Throne .
There is a theory that says that he was the first son of Emperor Tenmu , and that he was the second son of Emperor Shomu , but he died soon after that .
In addition , there is a theory that says that the Emperor Tenmu was ' a son of the Emperor , ' and that the Empress Jito was ' a son of the Emperor , ' and the Empress Jito was ' a son of the Emperor . '
There is also a theory that says that he was a child of Emperor Tenmu , but it is not certain whether he was a child or not because he was a child of Emperor Tenmu or not .
In addition to the above , there are various theories about how to deal with the situation , such as how to make up for the development of new fields and how to make up for the development of new fields .
Poems
Manyoshu ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves )
The first appearance of " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) was written by Imperial Prince Toneri .
The wind blows through the clouds , and the wind blows through the clouds .
His name appears in " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , who is said to have descended to the east of the Milky Way , is surrounded by wind and rain , and the two gods of the sun and moon , who are believed to have died in the battle , go up to the east with each other .
The Sanjo Family : a side line of the House of Fujiwara North
He was a member of the Seiga family ( the second highest family status for court nobles ) , which was descended from the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan .
The Sanjo Family : a side line of Shijo
He was from the branch family of the Sasaki clan in Settsu Province , and he was also from the same family .
Its kamon ( family crest ) is three horizontal lines .
He was the second son of FUJIWARA no Ienari of the Kanin line of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan .
In the same year , he was promoted to the rank of Jugoinoge ( Junior Fifth Rank , Lower Grade ) , and after the death of his father , Emperor Gotoba , he was given important posts by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) along with his uncle , MINAMOTO no Yoriie , who was a maternal grandfather of the Retired Emperor Gotoba , and he was appointed to the post of Mutsu no kuni no kami ( Governor of Mutsu Province ) .
It was originally the residence of the Saionji clan in Ono , Yamashiro Province ( present day Sakyo Ward , Kyoto City ) .
The temple 's name came from the fact that it was originally the residence of Kanpaku ( chief advisor to the Emperor ) , Yoshimitsu ASHIKAGA , and was later moved to its current site .
After the fall of the Kamakura bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , the family line of the Northern House of the Fujiwara clan came to an end .
Daikakuji-to ( imperial lineage starting with Emperor Kameyama ) , Emperor Daigo 's younger brother , entered into priesthood and became a priest .
Daikakuji-to ( imperial lineage starting with Emperor Kameyama ) and Jimyoin-to ( imperial lineage starting with Emperor Kameyama ) , who were brothers from the same mother , were forced to return to the service of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
After the death of his father , Emperor Godaigo , he was appointed to Rokuhara Tandai Kitakata ( an administrative and judicial agency in Rokuhara , Kyoto ) .
In the same year , he was exiled to Sado Province by the order of his father , Emperor Godaigo , and the following year , he was ordered to kill himself by the Hojo clan ( the Genko Disturbance ) , which was a branch family of the Hojo clan ( the Southern House of the Fujiwara clan ) , and was a branch family of the Sasaki clan ( the Southern House of the Fujiwara clan ) .
During the era of Emperor Godaigo , he was adopted by the Saionji family , the main branch of the Saionji family , and was promoted to Chunagon ( vice-councilor of state ) .
The family business was waka poetry during the Muromachi period .
He was born as the second son of Kanpaku ( chief adviser to the Emperor ) Tadataka HOSOKAWA , but he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) at first , then he was placed under the protection of the Hosokawa clan , and later he was placed under the protection of the Hosokawa clan , the lord of the Zeze Domain in Tanba Province , and later he was placed under the protection of Tadaoki HOSOKAWA , the lord of the Kuwana Domain in Tanba Province .
He was a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) , and after the death of his father , he served as a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) and a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) as well as a member of the House of Peers ( Japan ) , and was promoted to Dainagon ( chief councilor of state ) in the Meiji period .
The reason why he was given the title of Baron was because of his great achievement in the Battle of Sekigahara , and because of his great achievement , he was given the title of professor of Kyoto Imperial University by Emperor Meiji , and also because of his great achievement , he was given the title of Doctor of Letters by Emperor Meiji .
Mt . Hiei is located in the border between Kyoto City and Fukui City , Shiga Prefecture .
It is located at the foot of Mt . Funaoka in Kita Ward , Kyoto City , and at the foot of Mt . Funaoka in Ukyo Ward , Kyoto City .
It is located in Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture .
Kumano Sanzan ( three major shrines , Kumano Sanzan , Kumano Sanzan , Kumano Sanzan , Kumano Sanzan , Kumano Sanzan , Kumano Sanzan , Kumano Sanzan , Kumano Sanzan , Kumano Sanzan , and Kumano Sanzan ) , which was founded in the middle of the 20th century , is also considered to have had a close relationship with each other .
It is in Higashiyama Ward , Kyoto City .
It is also called Mt . Koya , Mt . Koya , and Mt . Koya .
Summary
It is located at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , and it is said that this is because of the influence of Kyoto .
According to the " Kojiki " ( Records of Ancient Matters ) , the shrine was located at the foot of Mt . Miwa , and the name of the shrine was changed to Mt . Miwa and the name of the shrine was changed to Mt . Miwa .
Kumano Sanzan Kengyo ( the title of an official who administered the shrines and temples in Kumano ) , which was the origin of Shugendo ( Japanese mountain asceticism-shamanism incorporating Shinto and Buddhist concepts ) , was transferred to Kumano Sanzan ( three major shrines of Kumano ) by the order of the Emperor , and was later transferred to its current location .
In addition to the above , there is a custom of visiting temples and shrines in Mt . Hiei to pray for the prosperity of the family and the prosperity of the family .
It is located at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , and at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , it is located at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , and at the east foot of Mt . Hiei , it is also located at the east foot of Mt . Hiei and at the north foot of Mt . Hiei .
In addition to the above , it is said that the three sacred imperial treasures of Mt . Hiei , Mt . Hiei , Mt . Hiei , and Mt . Hiei were used as a source of income for the Imperial Court .
It is located on the east side of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) and on the west side of the station .
In addition , there are many people who visit the mountain on New Year 's Holidays , such as those who get on and off the mountain , and those who get on and off the mountain from the mountain .
In addition , the site of the former residence of the Minister of Health , Sports , Sports , Science and Technology was designated as a special historic site by the Ministry of Health , Labor and Welfare in 2002 .
On the other hand , the Kyoto Nishikyogoku Comprehensive Sports Park was built on the east side of the station on the west side of the station on January 14 , 1950 .
Mt . Koya and Mt . Koya
Mt . Hiei , also known as Mt . Hiei , refers to the three major temples of Mt . Hiei , Mt . Hiei and Mt . Hiei .
The name of the temple is ' Mt . Hiei , ' and the name of the temple is ' Mt . Hiei . '
It is located in Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture , and it is located on the border between Kyoto and Shiga Prefectures .
Mt . Hiei is located in the east of the capital , but it is said that it was originally located in the west of Mt . Hiei , and it was also located in the south of the capital .
Cable Sakamoto Station on the Eizan Main Line of the Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . , is located next to the station .
In addition to the above , there is a description that says ' Mt . Oe , ' ' Mt . Oe , ' ' Mt . Oe , ' ' Mt . Oe , ' ' Mt . Oe , ' ' Mt . Oe , ' ' Mt . Oe , ' ' Mt . Oe , ' and so on , but the details are unknown .
Its sango ( literally , " mountain name , " the title prefixed to the name of a Buddhist temple ) , which is the title prefixed to the name of a Buddhist temple , is Mt . Hiei , and the title of a Buddhist temple , which is the title prefixed to the name of a Buddhist temple , is Mt . Koya , and the title of a Buddhist temple , which is the title prefixed to the name of a Buddhist temple , is Mt . Koya .
Features
You can see Mt . Hiei .
Both sides of the river flow into the basin of Lake Biwa .
It is also known as Mt . Hiei and Mt . Hiei .
Access
Hieizan Cable Cable Railway ( Sakamoto Cable Cable Cable Railway )
Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . ( Kurama Cable Railway )
Eizan Electric Railway Co . , Ltd .
Mt . Hiei Bus
Kyoto Prefectural Road 22 , Kyoto Outer Loop Expressway
By bus : Get off at the bus stop , Mt . Hiei and walk .
Keihan Bus Co . , Ltd . , bound for Yamashina Station
Keifuku Electric Railroad Co . , Ltd . , Kyoto Bus Co . , Ltd . ( Arashiyama Route )
TV Asahi TV stations
Kyoto City Hall is located in Uji City , Kyoto Prefecture .
The reason why the Nara Kotsu Bus Co . , Ltd . , used to make a stop is because of the fact that it is difficult to stop the operation of this bus route .
Goro Sky Tower
It was broadcast on October 1 , 2001 .
Animation & B & B & B
Notes
The Kyoto Broadcasting System Company Limited , Inc . , operates its own TV programs and TV programs , and the Osaka Broadcasting System Co . , Ltd . , and the Osaka Broadcasting System Co . , Ltd . , operates the Osaka Broadcasting System Co . , Ltd . , and the Osaka Broadcasting System Co . , Ltd . , and the Osaka Broadcasting System Co . , Ltd . , and the Osaka Broadcasting System Co . , Ltd . , which operates its own TV programs . , and the Osaka Broadcasting System Co . , Ltd . , Ltd . , operates the TV Asahi Broadcasting System Co . , Ltd . , and the TV Asahi Broadcasting System Co . , Ltd .
In addition , the station is located in Osaka Prefecture , and it is said that it is the only station in Kansai International Airport .
Route 11
At the beginning of the Edo period , the Nakasen-do Road ran from Osaka to Kyoto via Nakasen-do Road and Nakasen-do Road .
This section describes the details of the events .
Hiroshige UTAGAWA 's " Hiroshige UTAGAWA " ( Hiroshige UTAGAWA 's Hiroshige UTAGAWA ) is exhibited at the museum .
It is a vending machine made of glass .
For details , please refer to the section of " The Second Seven . "
During the Edo period , the Nakasen-do Road was known as the ' Nakasen-do Road . '
In addition to the above , there are many famous places where people enjoy viewing cherry blossoms and cherry blossoms viewing cherry blossoms , and they have been designated as national important cultural properties .
For example , in Kyoto , the name of the street was changed from the route to the route to the route to the route to the east from Kyoto .
The old provincial names are shown below .
There are two routes in the city .
However , the names of towns and villages established in the early Showa period are as follows :
Nihonbashi ( Chuo Ward , Tokyo )
1 . The site of the residence of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA in Shinagawa Ward , Tokyo
The site of his residence ( Shinagawa Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Sendai City , Miyagi Prefecture ( Tanabata Matsuri Festival )
The location : Sakura City , Kanagawa Prefecture ( Tanabata Matsuri )
7 . Cherry blossom Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Sakura City , Chiba Prefecture ( Tanabata Matsuri Festival )
Mt . Koya ( Minami Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
27 . Dazaifu Tenmangu Shrine ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Odawara City ( Odawara Tanabata Matsuri )
Route 27 : Bound for Koga City , Tochigi Prefecture ( via Shima City )
Shitenno-ji Temple ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Numazu City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( 15 years old )
Route 35 : Bound for Shizuoka City ( Nakasen-do Road )
Taito Ward , Tokyo ( Taito Ward )
Nihonbashi ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City ) : Naka Ward , Yokohama City , Shizuoka Prefecture
1 . Hamamatsu City , Totomi Province ( Present Okazaki City )
Shitenno-ji Temple ( Minami Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Early April : Spring Matsuri Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
Hamamatsu City ( Hamamatsu City ) : Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City
Late April : Autumn Matsuri Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
11 chome , Nagara Village , Sado County , Shizuoka Prefecture ( 11 towns )
Mt . Takao ( Minami Ward , Yokohama City )
35 / 32 , Iga City , Mie Prefecture ( Present Iga City )
Stone monument ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Kanagawa Prefecture )
Route 35 : Bound for Mt . Koya ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
Early April : Annual spring ( Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture )
Late April : Autumn Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City , Osaka Prefecture )
Late April : Autumn Matsuri Festival ( Chuo Ward , Yokohama City )
The location : Hamamatsu City , Shizuoka Prefecture ( at the end of Edo period )
Ogaki City , Ogaki City , Gifu Prefecture , castle town
Sado City , Sado County , Sado County , Shizuoka Prefecture ( 25 km )
Route 35 : Bound for Kanazawa City ( Toyama Prefecture )
Route 27 : Buses bound for Nagaoka City ( Nagaoka City , Fukui Prefecture )
Higashi Koya-kaido Road ( Minami Ward , Nagoya City )
Mt . Atago ( Maizuru City , Kyoto Prefecture )
Route 27 : Bound for Mt . Inari ( Maizuru City , Kyoto Prefecture )
The third act : Mt . Atago ( Kita Ward , Osaka City )
Mt . Atago ( Minami Ward , Osaka City )
Picture : Mt . Koya ( Gifu City ) * *
24 . Hamamatsu City , Aichi Prefecture ( Present Okazaki City )
Fushimi Inari Taisha Shrine ( Minami Ward , Osaka City )
Minami Ward , Yokohama City ( Minami Ward , Yokohama City )
Route 35 : Kameyama City , Mie Prefecture ( Mie Prefecture )
Shitenno-ji Temple ( Minami Ward , Osaka City )
Itsukushima-jinja Shrine ( Toyooka City , Hyogo Prefecture )
Route 35 : Uji City , Osaka Prefecture ( Rokujizo City )
Kisshoin Town , Ota County , Gifu Prefecture ( Present Ota City )
Location ( Nishi Ward , Sakai City , Osaka Prefecture ) : 11 km
Nishi Koya-kaido Road ( Nishi Ward , Kobe City , Hyogo Prefecture )
Nishi no maru ( Nishi Ward , Kobe City , Hyogo Prefecture )
Nishi Koya-kaido Road ( Nishi Ward , Kobe City )
Maibara City , Shiga Prefecture ( 25 km )
25 . Otsu City ( Shiga Prefecture )
Nijo Ohashi Bridge ( Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture )
According to temple legend , when he was a child , he went to the capital ( Kyoto ) and became a disciple of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) and was given the posthumous Buddhist name of ' Seishi Bosatsu ' ( Jizo Bodhisattva ) , which is said to be the origin of the name of the place where he lived .
At the time of the construction of Fushimi-jo Castle ( Kyoto Prefecture ) in 1600 , he was in charge of the construction of Fushimi-jo Castle .
It is also called the Old Tokaido Road or the Old Nakasen-do Road .
It was located at the east foot of Mt . Funaoka and at the east foot of Mt . Funaoka ( Kyoto Prefecture ) , and at the same time , it was located at the east end of the Tokaido Road and at the west side of the Tokaido Road .
The province was divided into two types .
It was the first province in Japan .
The names of the places where they used to live are as follows :
Fushimi Inari Taisha Shrine ( Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City )
Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City ( Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City )
Yawata City , Kyoto Prefecture ( Hirakata City )
Route 35 : Bound for Osaka Station ( Minami Ward , Osaka City )
Higashi Koya-kaido Road ( Osaka City , Osaka Prefecture )
It is located at the border between Settsu Province and Izumi Province ( at the border between Izumi Province and Izumi Province ) , and at the border between Izumi Province and Izumi Province ( at the border between Izumi Province and Izumi Province ) .
The author of " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) was a female writer who lived in the Heian period .
According to the " Shin Heike Monogatari " ( The Tale of the Heike ) , it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary characters ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , ' I ' ( the Japanese syllabary ) , ' I ' ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and ' I ' ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and ' I ' ( the Japanese syllabary ) , which was written in kana ( the Chinese character for the Chinese character for the Chinese character for the Chinese character ) , was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
Also known as " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) .
It was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in the medieval period .
It is a collection of anecdotes written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it is said that it was written by Kenko YOSHIDA and others .
In addition , there is a theory that says that in the early part of the book , there was a custom of using Chinese characters in the style of Chinese characters , and that there was no need to be seen in the works written in the style of Chinese characters in those days .
It is said that , when he was serving at the Imperial Palace , he was asked by FUJIWARA no Michinaga , and when he was serving at the office of Minister of the Right , he answered , ' I am going to the Imperial Palace , ' and when I was serving at the office of Minister of the Ministry of Central Affairs , but it is not clear whether this is true or not . '
In addition , there is a description that says , ' if you go out of the house , you will go out of the house ' in the end of the book , and if you go out of the house , you will go out of the house , ' in the end of the book , and if you go out of the book , you can see it in the form of a book , and if you go out of the book , you can see it in the form of a book in the form of a book or a book in the form of a book .
It is said that the word ' Kosode ' was used in " Makura no soshi . "
It is a collection of works including " Interpretation of the Tale of Genji , " " Interpretation of the Tale of Genji , " and " Interpretation of Poetry , " and so on .
The contents are as follows :
It is written in kanji ( Chinese characters ) : ' No matter how much water is , no matter how much water it is . '
The main part is written in the style of books , such as books , books and so on .
The first part of the sutra .
Details of the inscription
There are various theories .
However , this is not true .
In addition , in " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) , it is written that ' there is a custom to wear the clothes of the nobility and nobility . '
The following year , he was promoted to the rank of Shosanmi ( Senior Third Rank ) , and it is said that he was involved in the planning of the Hogen Disturbance .
It is said that he passed away in the middle of the year , but it is not known when the diary was completed .
For example , " Genji Monogatari " ( The Tale of Genji ) , which was written by Murasaki Shikibu at the end of the Muromachi period , includes the following :
Most of them are made in relatively high quality .
It consists of two volumes .
It is said that the manuscript was written by FUJIWARA no Teika in 1200 .
It is said that the contents of the book were as follows : ' It is good to make a living by making a living by making a living . '
The text was written by Kikan IKEDA .
One volume of ' Genji Monogatari ' ( The Tale of Genji ) , one volume of the first volume , and two volumes of the second volume were lost .
The story is as follows :
Archives and Archives of Imperial Household Archives , Imperial Household Archives
It consists of two volumes .
Old genealogy of the Sanjonishi family in the possession of the Goto family in the possession of the Museum of Japanese History , and the manuscript copy of the manuscript owned by the Goto family in the possession of the Goto family
It is said that he was a son of KI no Tsurayuki , and his wife was a daughter of KI no Tsurayuki .
It was made in the late Kamakura period .
It is a part of the original text , but it is a part of the original text and is a part of the original version of the original text .
It consists of twenty volumes in total .
Story line
The meaning of the word is as follows :
It was made in the Muromachi period .
It is said that when he was serving as the chief priest of Tofuku-ji Temple in Kyoto , he said to him , ' I have never heard of you . '
It is one volume .
The contents of the story are as follows :
The Diary of Tosa Nikki ( Tosa Diary )
The book was written by Emperor Gomurakami .
It is held by the Imperial Household Agency .
It consists of six volumes .
Two different colors are used .
It is also referred to as a fire .
It consists of one volume .
It consists of two volumes .
It consists of three volumes .
It consists of three volumes .
Volume 6
The meaning of the word is as follows :
The Maeda family in Kaga Province and the Maeda family in Kaga Province are as follows .
On the other hand , there is a description in " Makura no soshi " ( The Pillow Book ) that he was seated on a folding screen decorated with gold and silver foil .
Important cultural property .
It was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in the early Kamakura period , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
" Gunsho ruiju " ( Collection of historical documents compiled by Hokiichi HANAWA ) , " Gunsho ruiju " ( Collection of historical documents compiled by Hokiichi HANAWA ) , and " Gunsho ruiju " ( Collection of historical documents compiled by Hokiichi HANAWA ) were included .
It was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) , and it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) and kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) at the end of the 17th century .
However , the following year , he was promoted to the chief editor of the first edition of the " Nihon Shoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , which was published in the Meiji period , and in 1933 , he was promoted to the chief editor of the second edition of the " Nihon Shoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , which was published in the same year .
According to the " Zoku Hyakki Shui " ( Continued Collection of Tales Heard , Past and Present ) , it was a long time ago in the middle of the Heian period , and it was a long time ago in the form of a picture scroll with pictures drawn on it .
It consists of one volume and two volumes in total .
Among them , ' The Pillow Book , ' ' The Pillow Book , ' ' The Pillow Book , ' ' The Pillow Book , ' ' The Pillow Book , ' ' The Pillow Book , ' ' The Pillow Book , ' ' The Pillow Book , ' ' The Pillow Book , ' etc .
For example , the first half of the chapter ' Kumogakure ' is read as follows :
It is said that he did not get along well with other people in the era of the Northern and Southern Courts ( Japan ) , and that he did not get along well with people in the era of the Northern and Southern Courts ( Japan ) , but did not get along well with people in the middle of his life , so he did not get along well with people in the middle of his life , such as KI no Tsurayuki , who was a good poet and a poet , and did not know about the state of affairs of state ( " Makura no soshi " ) .
He also wrote " The Tale of Genji " and " The Tale of Genji , " and he made a great contribution to the development of the new style of expression of his own .
Public evaluation
It is a simple story in which a person who has the ability to make a living space and to make a living space and to make a living space
It is said that , when the wind blows , the sound of the wind blows , the sound of the wind , the sound of the wind , the sound of the wind , and the sound of the wind , the sound of the wind is different from that of the sky .
In addition to the above , the word ' manga ' is used to describe the social conditions of the time , such as that of the summer wind , snow , snow , snow , and snow , and that of the late autumn wind , and that of the early summer wind , the word ' manga ' is used to refer to the literature of the time in which the word ' manga ' is used to express the social conditions of the time when the word ' manga ' is used .
Teishi gave birth to Emperor Ichijo .
It is said that he did not get along with his father , FUJIWARA no Michinaga , when he was twenty years old .
It is not clear when he became a priest , but it is also said that he was not included in " Okagami " ( the Great Mirror ) .
It is said that , in the era of Emperor Murakami , there was an incident in which an emperor 's wife , Empress Dowager Komyo , was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) , and this was the beginning of the study of history .
Public evaluation
In addition , it is written that when the wind blows through the clouds , the wife of FUJIWARA no Kinto appears on the floor .
However , when the term is used , the term is sometimes used to refer to a person who does not have his or her own name .
Chugu Gon no taijo ( Provisional Senior Secretary in the Office of the Consort 's Household ) , ' but this was not the case with ' Koto no naishi ' ( a court lady of the first rank ) .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the 13th Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , died in March 1867 .
In the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , there was a case where one was able to enter the Imperial Palace .
He was awarded the rank of Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) and the title of Sadaijin ( Minister of the Left ) .
He was a member of the Imperial family .
After the death of Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , he became a member of the shogun 's council of elders .
In the following year , 1868 , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered the surrender of the castle , and the Imperial Prince Fushimi no Miya Yoshihisa , who was the son of Emperor Meiji , entered into the priesthood , and the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered the restoration of the Imperial rule by the Emperor , which resulted in the fall of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
At the end of the Edo period , he returned to his hometown and became a member of the House of Peers .
He was also called ' Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ' or ' Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA . '
According to " Kansei Choshu Shokafu " ( genealogies of vassals in Edo bakufu ) , the title of honor was given by the Imperial Court .
In addition , the book was included in a book titled ' How to deal with foreign affairs . '
He was born in Nagoya City , Aichi Prefecture , and there are many people who believe that he was a ' child ' or ' child ' when he became a priest .
In addition , it is said that , when he was young , he was asked by his father , who was a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east , ' to be a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east ' as well as a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east . '
At the same time , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Mito Domain , was said to have said , ' I am a great commander . '
In addition to the above , there are some people who believe that ' it is impossible for them to go back to the original place , ' such as those in the Kanto region , those in the Kinki region , those in the Kinki region , and those in the Kansai region , such as those in the Kinki region , and those in the Kinki region , such as those in the Kinki region , and those in the Kansai region , such as those in the Kinki region .
In addition , there is a description that says ' I am not a man of culture but a man of culture of the time , ' which shows that he had a close relationship with the Mori clan , and that he had a close relationship with the Ito clan , who had a close relationship with the Ito clan , and that he had a close relationship with the Ito clan in those days .
He was born as the fourth son of Nariaki TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Kishu Domain , on December 27 , 1858 .
His lawful wife was a daughter of Emperor Gomizunoo , and he was the second consort of the Emperor .
There is a theory that his mother was a concubine of Iemitsu TOKUGAWA , and he had a son named Kojiro HOTTA .
His childhood name was Goro .
When he was nine years old , he went to the capital ( Kyoto ) and became a disciple of the lord of the domain , however , he did not get along with his older brother and he became a priest , so he was called ' the father of the lord of the domain ' or ' the lord of the domain . '
It is said that he did not get along with his older brother , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , who was the last shogun , and he became the lord of the domain when he was still young .
On January 27 , 1864 , he was adopted by the Hitotsubashi family and became the lord of the Tosa Domain .
On the same day , he was granted the family name of Matsudaira by the Emperor and became the lord of the domain .
At the same time , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Echizen Domain , was enraged and sent a letter to his father , Tadayoshi .
In the same year , he was promoted to the rank of Junii ( Junior Second Rank ) , and in the same year , he was assassinated by a vassal of the Tokugawa family ( however , there is also a theory that he was involved in the assassination of his older brother , Iesada TOKUGAWA ) .
In the same year , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Mito Domain , was appointed as the successor of the lord of the Kaga Domain , Yoshinaga MATSUDAIRA , who was a younger brother of Yoshinobu HITOTSUBASHI , and he was also involved in the planning of the movement to overthrow the Shogunate .
In the same year , he was ordered to take over as head of the family by Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , and in the same year , he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) with his foster father , but he was forced to resign from the post of lord of the domain because he was a member of the former lord of the Satsuma Domain , and then he became a member of the Shogun 's council of elders .
In the same year , the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) issued an imperial edict to hunt down and kill Naosuke II .
In the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the order of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and in the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) together with roju ( member of shogun 's council of elders ) , Naosuke II , and then he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by Imperial order of Emperor Komei .
It is said that , although he was not allowed to return to the service of the lord of the domain , he had no choice but to do so because of his illness .
In 1861 , he was pardoned .
In the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA , and in the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by the lord of the domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , who was the lord of the domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , and to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) .
Shungaku MATSUDAIRA , the lord of the domain , was appointed as a member of the shogun 's council of elders on April 18 .
In the same year , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered him to take over the post of roju ( member of shogun 's council of elders ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and the post of Kyoto shoshidai ( The Kyoto deputy ) .
In the same year , he went to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his father , Emperor Komei , and in the same year , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to go up to Kyoto .
The next year , when Emperor Komei visited the Imperial Palace , he said that ' I am going to the Imperial Palace and I am going to the Imperial Palace , ' but he did not get involved in the plan because of the lack of funds for the war , so he went to the Imperial Palace to see the Emperor .
In May of the same year , he was appointed as a member of the House of Peers by the order of Emperor Komei , and he was involved in the plan to overthrow the Shogunate , but he was involved in the plan to overthrow the Shogunate , and he was also involved in the plan to overthrow the Shogunate and the movement to overthrow the Shogunate .
However , in the end , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by the lord of the domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , and also he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by the lord of the domain , Sanetomi SANJO , but he did not get along well with him because he was afraid that he would not be able to do so , so he was ordered to do so by the lord of the domain , Sanetomi SANJO , and so on .
He was appointed as Kyoto shugoshoku ( Military governor of Kyoto ) and Osaka jodai ( the keeper of Osaka Castle ) , and later he became the successor of the family to the lord of the domain , Katamori MATSUDAIRA ( the lord of the Aizu Domain , Katamori MATSUDAIRA ) .
Tenguto no Ran ( Rebellion of Tenguto ) , which broke out in the same year , was attacked by the retainers of the Tokugawa family , including his younger brother and younger brothers and sisters , and then returned to allegiance to the bakufu .
In the following year , 1864 , he fought in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi against the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) led by Kinmochi SAIONJI .
In the same year , the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered the return of lands and people to the emperor , and the following year , he was involved in the plan to overthrow the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
In the following year , 1864 , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to track down and kill the Satsuma Domain .
However , the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) was defeated by the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) led by Kinmochi SAIONJI and returned to Satsuma .
After the Battle of Sekigahara , he was exiled to Sado Province on March 24 , 1600 .
In the same year , the Emperor ordered the restoration of the imperial rule , and he was forced to leave the Imperial Palace .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , who succeeded to the headship of the family , died suddenly .
On the same day , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the family head of the Tokugawa family , passed away .
On the same day , he was appointed to the post of Seii Taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , but he died on the same day .
It is said that he made efforts to restore the authority of the Imperial Court .
In the same year , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to go to France , France , France , France , France , France , and the United States , and he was appointed to the chief of staff , and then he was appointed to the chief of staff of the navy .
In the same year , he went to Europe to study in Paris with his older brother , Yukichi , and became a teacher at a private school in Edo .
In response to this , the Imperial Court dispatched an envoy to the Yuan Dynasty in order to raise an army .
On January 24 , 1864 , he was ordered by Emperor Komei to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) , but he refused the offer because of the political conflict between the two countries ( Satsuma and Choshu ) .
It is said that this was the beginning of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , but it was decided that the authority of the Imperial Court should be transferred to the Imperial Court .
However , in March of the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) by Emperor Komei , and in the same year , he was ordered to go to the post of Sangi ( councilor ) , and then he was ordered to go to the post of Sadaijin ( Minister of the Left ) .
In the same year , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , who was the lord of the domain , tried to make peace with the Imperial Court , however , he refused the request and went back to Kyoto , and the negotiation was broken off .
In the following year , 1864 , he joined the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and moved from place to place to fight against the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) of Aizu Domain in Mino Province .
However , on the occasion of the Battle of Sekigahara , he was ordered to go to the front of the Imperial Palace , and on the day of the battle , he was attacked by the troops of the Uesugi clan , but he was forced to retreat to the front of the Imperial Palace and died on the battlefield .
At the same time , he was ordered by Emperor Meiji to go to the front with his younger brother , Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Taruhito , but he was defeated in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi .
In response to this , Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the domain , raised an army .
In March of the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the lord of Kokura Domain , Buzen Province .
In addition , he succeeded to the family headship and became the ninth family head of the Shimizu family .
In the same year , he was ordered to return to the service of the lord of the domain , Takamori SAIGO , but he was defeated by the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) at the Battle of Toba-Fushimi and escaped to the residence of Satsuma Domain .
In August of the same year , he was transferred to the Sunpu Domain in Suruga Province .
Shungaku MATSUDAIRA ( the lord of Owari Domain )
Chief retainer of the Matsudaira family ( Mito Matsudaira family )
Ansei no Taigoku ( suppression of extremists by the Shogunate ) ( Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA )
The Toki clan
Chief retainer of the Matsudaira family ( Naosuke II )
Osaki no kata
Takeo NAKAJIMA
Hanzo MATSUDAIRA
In January 1869 , he returned to his hometown during the Boshin War .
After entering the priesthood , various arts such as music , dancing , and music were practiced .
In 1899 , he moved to Tokyo .
In the following year , he went to the Imperial Palace of Emperor Meiji , and in the following year , he went back to his hometown .
In 1868 , he was raised to the peerage and became the head of the family .
In 1947 , he returned to secular life and took over as head of the family .
He died in 1934 .
He died at the age of 24 on the same day .
* Dates are based on the old lunar calendar .
In 1847
He was adopted by the Tokugawa family .
January 12 , 1867 : Transferred to the post of Udaijin ( Minister of the Right ) .
He was awarded the rank of Jusanmi ( Junior Third Rank ) and appointed as Sakone gon no chujo ( Provisional Middle Captain of the Left Division of Inner Palace Guards ) .
In December of the same year , he married a daughter of Sadaijin ( Minister of the Left ) Masahiro TAKATSUKASA .
He was Sangi ( councillor ) .
In 1858 , he became the successor of Iesada TOKUGAWA .
In December of the same year , he was ordered to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
He retired in October 1864 .
1862
He succeeded to the headship of the family on November 9 .
On the same day , he was appointed as Sessho ( regent ) .
In December , he was transferred to Gon Chunagon ( provisional vice-councilor of state ) .
In December of the same year , he was appointed as Naidaijin ( Minister of the Center ) .
1864
On March 24 , he resigned from the position of Nairan .
On March 18 , he resigned from the position of Sessho .
March 28 : He was assigned to the post of Governor of Owari Province , and was also assigned to the post of Commander of the Left and Right Divisions .
He fought in the Battle of Toba-Fushimi .
1866
February 24 : He was additionally appointed as Governor of Kyoto .
He succeeded to the head of the Tokugawa family .
He was appointed as Gon Dainagon ( provisional major counselor ) and Ukone no daisho ( Major Captain of the Right Division of Inner Palace Guards ) at the rank of Junii ( Junior Second Rank ) .
On the same day , he was appointed as seii taishogun ( literally , " great general who subdues the barbarians " ) .
1867
In August , he was appointed as Naidaijin ( minister of the center ) .
Retained his position as Ukone no daisho .
Taisei Hokan ( transfer of power back to Emperor )
On December 12 , he resigned from the position of Seii Taishogun .
On January 18 , 1864 , he was dismissed from the post .
He was dismissed on December 24 , 1869 .
January 7 , 1869 : Promoted to Junii ( Junior Second Rank ) .
He was promoted to the rank of Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) on February 26 , 1897 .
He was promoted to Juichii ( Junior First Rank ) on February 24 , 1907 .
He moved to Tokyo on November 23 , 1888 .
On New Year 's Day in 1868 , he was appointed as Emperor Meiji 's first president .
He was given the title of marquis on April 16 , 1901 .
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the family head of the Echizen Matsudaira family , used the name ' Yoshinobu . '
In December of the ninth year of the Jogan era ( 810 )
1908
He was awarded the rank of Shonii ( Senior Second Rank ) by the Emperor Meiji on the same day .
On December 28 , he retired .
He died at the age of 75 on February 26 , 1903 .
He was posthumously awarded the Grand Cordon of the Order of the Rising Sun .
He was a master of the art of warfare , and he was also a man of refined taste , and he was also a master of the art of warfare at that time .
He was also a master of Japanese archery at first , but later he devoted himself to the development of new industry .
It is said that he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by disembowelment , but he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) by the order of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , and then he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) together with his younger brother , Daisuke ITO , and then he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) .
It is said that when he was on his way home , he was attacked by an arrow and killed by an arrow by an arrow , and that he was also described as ' a person who had killed himself ' or ' a person who had killed himself . '
It is said that the reason why he became a priest was that he did not go to the capital ( Kyoto ) for the first time in Japan , and that he was just a son of Takamori SAIGO .
It is said that he went back to Kyoto when he was seven years old .
It is said that , when he was young , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to take care of his father , who was the lord of the domain , as well as the lord of the domain , Tadayoshi SHIMAZU , who was the lord of the domain , and to be the lord of the domain , as well as the lord of the domain , and also as the lord of the domain , who was the lord of the domain , as well as the lord of the domain , and also as the lord of the domain , he said , ' If you are the lord of the domain , you are the lord of the domain and the lord of the domain , you are the lord of the domain . '
Yodo YAMAUCHI , who was a feudal retainer of the Satsuma clan , was also involved in the plan to overthrow the Shogunate , but he was not involved in the plan .
It is said that he returned to Japan . '
Ryoma SAKAMOTO , who was a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east , ' said as follows :
It is said that if you do not want to go too much , you may be careful not to do so .
At the same time , he was forced to resign from the post of Shogun by the recommendation of his father , and he was called ' the king of Japan . '
However , after the death of Emperor Meiji , he is said to have been a member of the Shinsengumi ( a group who guarded Kyoto during the end of Tokugawa Shogunate ) .
Although he was a member of the Shinsengumi , he was never heard of again after the death of Shogun Iemochi TOKUGAWA .
When the Battle of Toba-Fushimi broke out , he went to the east with his father and fought against the army of bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
It is said that , when he was young , he went to the front with his wife and children , but he did not go back to the front because of the influence of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
However , in the end of the year , there was a rumor that the Tokugawa family might not have been able to control the whole country , and therefore , it was decided that , in the end , the Tokugawa family would not be able to control the whole country , and that they would not be able to control the whole country , and that they would not be able to control the whole country , and that they would attack the people of the domains of Satsuma , Choshu , and Tosa , and that they would attack the people of the domains of Satsuma and Choshu .
It is said that the reason why he became a priest was that he had no choice but to do with the policy of the Imperial Court , and that he was involved in the internal conflict of the Tokugawa Shogunate , the conflict between the Imperial Court and the Shogunate and the Shogunate , and that he was also involved in the conflict between the Imperial Court and the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ( however , there is also a theory that says that he was involved in the assassination of his younger brother , Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Taruhito ) .
In the end of the Edo period , the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) tried to avoid the conflict between the two countries , however , it was decided that they would not be able to keep the distance between the two countries , Japan and the United States .
At the beginning of the Meiji period , he served as a close retainer of the Tokugawa family and became a member of the House of Peers .
In the same year , he was ordered to go to the capital ( Kyoto ) with his older brother , Kaoru INOUE .
In addition , there is a passage in the " Journal of Historical Records . "
It is said that the contents of the letter were almost the same as those of other people who did not know about the incident at that time .
It is said that the reason why he became a priest was that he did not get along with the people of the domain , and that he did not get along with the people of the domain , and that he was in conflict with the people of the domain , and that he was in conflict with the people of the domain ( according to " Gukansho " ( Jottings of a Fool ) ) .
It is said that the second volume of " Dainihonshi " ( Great history of Japan ) , which was written after the death of Shogun Iemochi , was written .
It is said that , when Emperor Meiji visited the Imperial Palace , he asked for permission to have the honor of being a member of the Imperial Family or a member of the Imperial Family .
In addition , there was a case in which the head priest of the Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) was buried in the graveyard of the Zojo-ji Temple in Ueno , Tokyo , where the head priest of the Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) was buried .
It is said that Emperor Komei gave him the posthumous name of ' Emperor . '
After he returned to secular life , he served as a close aide of the Emperor , but he did not get along with his older brother ( according to the ' History of Japan , ' it is said that he had a close relationship with the bakufu [ Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ] ) .
After the Battle of Sekigahara , there was a theory that says that he was a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east ' and that he was a member of the ' expeditionary force to the east ' ; however , the truth is not clear because of the historical fact that he was involved in the assassination of Emperor Goshirakawa and was involved in the assassination of Hideyoshi TOYOTOMI .
He was a vassal of the Matsudaira family and his wife was a daughter of a feudal retainer of Aizu Domain .
At the same time , he had a lot of knowledge about Japanese , including English , English , English , English , and German , and it is said that he was forced to commit seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) in front of the gate of the gate of the main gate of the Imperial Palace , and that he also made a great contribution to the development of new industry .
It is said that he had a lot of knowledge about how to make a sound .
Although he was a member of the committee , he did not have much time to write it .
In addition , there is a record that says that when he was a child , he went to the Imperial Palace and became a disciple of Shoyo TSUBOUCHI , who was a scholar of Japanese classical literature and a professor at the University of Tokyo .
He was a younger brother of Mitsukuni TOKUGAWA .
He was born as the second son of Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Taruhito on January 18 , 1849 .
He died at the age of 85 on January 6 , 1849 , and his real mother was from a branch family of the Kiyohara clan .
After the death of her husband , she was treated as a lady in the same way as in the past , but in the Meiji period , she was treated as a lady in the same way as in the past .
He had two younger brothers and two younger sisters , one of which was Imperial Prince Fushiminomiya Kuniie , and the other was later demoted from nobility to subject , and the other was later demoted from nobility to subject .
She was the wife of Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Takahito and the wife of Imperial Prince Fushimi Sadanaru .
He was the eldest son of Gon Dainagon ( a provisional chief councilor of state ) Masamichi TAKATSUKASA , and his wife was Nobuko , who was a daughter of Imperial Prince Arisugawanomiya Toshihito on April 16 , 1864 .
His lawful wife was Masako ( a daughter of Tadayoshi TODA , a feudal retainer of the Owari clan ) , and his second wife was Sadako NAKAYAMA .
The third son : SHO ( died on April 26 , 1895 )
He was born as the eldest son of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , the 11th lord of the domain , on March 18 , 1903 , and passed away on April 16 , 1902 .
She was born on November 24 , 1903 , as the third daughter of Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , and died on November 24 , 1930 .
July 1 , 1864 : He was the eldest son of Masahiro MAKINO , and the second son of Masayoshi IKEDA .
The tenth son : SHO ( died young )
Second daughter : Princess Masako ( December 26 , 1871 - August 26 , 2000 )
Imperial Prince Fushimi Sadanaru , the ninth prince of Imperial Prince Fushiminomiya Kuniie , died on October 27 , 1930 .
The tenth son : SHO Tai ( born in October , 1868 - died on October 1 , 1945 )
The ninth daughter : Masako TOKUGAWA ( December 26 , 1868 - April 26 , 2000 )
July 1 , 1865 : He was born as the eldest son of Masayuki MAKINO , the 11th lord of the domain .
His oldest son was Kiyoshi KATAOKA ( the third son ) , and his second daughter .
He was a member of the House of Peers from the Meiji period to the early Showa period .
The third son : SHO Tai ( died on April 24 , 1895 )
The fifth son of the eleventh family head , Tadateru MATSUDAIRA ( April 26 , 1868 - April 26 , 1995 )
The third son : SHO ( born in October , 1840 - died on April 26 , 1930 )
Second son : Imperial Prince Fushimi Sadanaru ( December 12 , 1850 - December 27 , 1931 ) , Jugoi ( Junior Fifth Rank )
The third daughter : Masako ( born in August , 1930 - died on July 26 , 1993 )
The ninth daughter : Princess Masako ( September 28 , 1864 - April 27 , 2001 ) , married to Kaoru INOUE .
The fourth daughter : Princess Yoshiko ( December 26 , 1864 - April 26 , 1974 ) was a member of the Imperial family .
The fourth daughter : Princess Masako ( December 28 , 1849 - December 27 , 2000 ) was a member of the House of Peers and a member of the House of Peers
August 1 , 1873 : He was demoted from nobility to subject .
The tenth son : SHO Tai ( died on May 24 , 1945 )
The ninth son : Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA ( October 12 , 1905  December 24 , 1945 )
July 1 , 1873 : He was demoted from nobility to subject .
One of the younger sisters of Iesada 's wife , Sadako ( wife of Iesada TOKUGAWA )
Novels
Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA , " The Last Shogun of the Tokugawa Shogunate , Vol . 2 "
" The Last Shogun Yoshinobu TOKUGAWA "
Film films
Acted by Kazuo HASEGAWA " Year 2004 " by Kazuo HASEGAWA .
TV dramas
" NHK Taiga Drama " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Nizaemon KATAOKA the 13th )
" Shin Kabuki Eiga Monogatari " ( The Tale of the Taira Family ) ( Shochiku Co . , Ltd . , 1969 , portrayed by Koki KIMURA )
" Onmyoji " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Daisuke ITO )
" Onmyoji " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Kazuo HASEGAWA )
Acted by Ryotaro SHIBA " Bakumatsu " ( New Year 's Pure Land ) , Year 2006 , by TV Asahi .
" Onna " ( Woman ) ( 1955 , Shochiku Co . , Ltd . ) was a film director .
" Samurai " ( Samurai drama series ) , released by TV Tokyo Broadcasting Corporation , 1967
" Komyo ga Tsuji " ( TV drama series ) ( directed by Ryotaro SHIBA , portrayed by Ryotaro SHIBA , published by Yoshikawa Kobunkan in 1966 )
" Shinsen-gumi " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Masao KATO )
" The Last Sword " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Akira KUROSAWA )
" Samurai " ( Samurai drama series ) ( New Year 's period drama series , directed by Hiroyuki KATO ) , and " New Year 's Eve " ( New Year 's period drama series ) ( New Year 's period drama series , directed by Hiroyuki KATO )
" NHK Taiga Drama " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Daisuke ITO )
" Kasuga no Tsubone " ( TV drama ) ( Shochiku Co . , Ltd . , 1969 )
" Aoi no Ue " ( Lady Aoi ) , written by Hiroyuki KATO , published by Shochiku Co . , Ltd . , played by Shochiku Co . , Ltd . , was cast in the summer of 1930 .
" Shinsengumi ! " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Kazuo HASEGAWA ) .
" NHK Taiga Drama " ( NHK Taiga Drama - the leading actor was Kazuo HASEGAWA )
" The Story of the House of Sen " ( 1 volume )
Yukichi FUKUZAWA : ' The former president of the House of Representatives '
NHK Taiga Drama - " Ryoma ga Tsuji " ( NHK Taiga Drama )
...
Kyoto Station , located in Yamashina Ward , Kyoto City , Kyoto Prefecture , is a stop on the Sanin Main Line , which is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
The entire line is operated by West Japan Railway Company .
The line is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) , but it is also operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) when the line is extended from Kamo Station to Kyoto Station .
The following is a list of special rapid trains that run between the two stations .
The name of the museum is derived from the fact that the number of people who visit this area is small .
West Japan Railway Company ( railway business operator )
Railway distance ( operating distance ) : 95 km
Track gauge : 160 mm
Number of stations : 6 ( including the starting and final stations )
Kamo Station - JR Kyoto Line / JR Tozai Line
Electrified section : entire line ( direct current 600 V )
Electrified section : Automatic block system ( automatic block system ) , automatic block system
Automatic ticket vending machine : Automatic block system
Operation section : Shin-Osaka General Operation Center
Design speed : 95 km / h ( exclusive speed : 95 km / h )
It is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) , but not by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
For example , the Nara Line of the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) , which ran from Kyoto to Osaka , is called the Kyoto Line .
At the same time , it was decided that the line would be extended to the east of the Nara Line , and that the line would be extended to the south of the current Nara Station ( Nara Prefecture ) and that the line would be extended to the east of the line .
Nara Station , located in the south of Nara Station , is a stop on the Nara Line , which is operated by JR West .
On the other hand , the Nara Kotsu Bus Lines Co . , Ltd . , which started operating on the section between Kyoto Station and Shingu Station on the Tokaido Main Line on the JR Nara Line on the same day , was established on March 1 , 1972 .
Kintetsu Nara Line * This station is located in the vicinity of the station .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 , ' which was the first class railway in Japan , started to be used .
The Kintetsu Kyoto Line and the Kintetsu Nara Line run in parallel to each other at the same time .
In addition to the above , it is said that the number of people who used to belong to the same line as those of the Kyoto Municipal Subway until the end of the 20th century was increased to four in the Kansai region and the number of people who used to belong to the same line as those of the Nara Electric Railway and the Kintetsu Kyoto Line , except for those who used to belong to the same line as the Nara Line , was increased to four in the direction of Nara and Osaka .
However , the JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 and JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 run on the same track from this station to this station , and the ' JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series Suburban Train Series 113 ' runs on the same track to this station .
In addition , the area around the station is designated as a national historic site , and the area around the station is designated as a national historic site along with the surrounding area of Kyoto City .
However , the section between the east and west of the station and the section between the east and west of the station and the section between the east and west of the station and between the station and the station and the west of the station is very crowded .
The line is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) , while the line is operated by the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
East Japan Railway Company ( JR East ) and Central Japan Railway Company ( JR Central ) , both of which are mutually usable , are mutually usable with ICOCA and PiTaPa ( Surutto KANSAI Association ) .
The ticket gate of the station is located in the south of the station .
In addition , the express trains that stopped at this station from the direction of Kizu Station to the direction of Nara , and the express trains that stopped at this station from the direction of Kizu Station to the direction of Nara ( refer to the article of ' Special Rapid Service ' for details of the time and the section of ' Regional Rapid Service ' for details of the time ) .
Local trains run on the Kintetsu Kyoto Line .
Local trains stop at every station on the Uji Line , and all trains stop at every station .
The nickname ' Biwako Express ' was used for the first time in the past .
Nara Kotsu Bus Lines Co . , Ltd . , operates bus services from Kyoto Station to Nara Station , but this is not a common practice .
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 207 and JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 113 are used .
The maximum speed of the regular railway line is 120 km / h and the maximum speed of the regular railway line is 120 km / h .
The trains run between Kyoto and Nara every 30 minutes , and between Kyoto and Nara every 30 minutes .
The trains stop at this station and arrive at and depart from Kyoto Station , while the trains depart from and arrive at and depart from Osaka Station , while the trains depart from and arrive at and depart from Platform 1 and arrive at and depart from Platform 2 .
15 minutes walk from the east exit of the station .
History
March 1 , 2001 : The operation started .
March 15 , 2001 : The station was upgraded to a stop at which rapid trains stopped .
It is operated during the morning rush hours .
Uji Station ( JR West ) and Uji Station ( JR West ) stop at every station .
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 207 is used for local trains and local trains .
Local trains stop at every station on the Uji Line , and all trains stop at every station .
Rapid trains stop at every station on the Nara Line .
For example , the section between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station was changed to ' New Year 's Eve ' and to ' New Year 's Eve , ' and the section between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station was changed to ' New Year 's Eve . '
It is operated as a special rapid train bound for Nara on Saturdays and holidays .
It is operated in the morning and evening .
On New Year 's Eve , the number of passengers boarding at this station was increased to four in the early morning and late evening ( in the late evening ) .
Rapid trains that arrive at and depart from Platform 4 and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 at Kyoto Station , but it is not clear whether the rapid trains that depart from and arrive at and depart at and depart from Platform 4 .
JR ( West ) Commuter Train Series 207 is used for local trains and local trains during the daytime .
During the daytime , trains run on the outer line and run on the outer line .
For example , when the train schedule was revised in March of the same year , it was decided that the special rapid train would stop at every station on the same platform , and that the special rapid train would stop at every station on the same platform and that the special rapid train would stop at every station on the same platform as the ' rapid train ' and the ' rapid train ' trains would stop at every station on the same platform .
This platform is used for the trains that stop at every station on the Uji Line .
It is operated between Kyoto Station and Tenri Station .
The number of passengers per hour in the section between Kyoto Station and Higashi-Maizuru Station is approximately 95 per hour .
JR ( West ) Commuter Train Series 207 is used for all trains .
Rapid trains run on the inner tracks during the morning rush hour .
On the other hand , the Nara Line ( Yamatoji Line ) and the Sakurai Line ( Yamatoji Line ) began operating on the first day of the New Year 's Day in 1997 .
Only local trains stop at this station on the Nara Line .
1949 : The JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 started to run between Kyoto Station and Amanohashidate Station , and the trains that ran between Osaka Station and Amanohashidate Station were called ' Express ( train ) ' and ' Limited Express ( train ) . '
On the other hand , it was decided that the special rapid train would be operated between Kyoto Station and JR Nanba Station on the timetable revision in March 2006 .
In the past , there was a special rapid train that ran between Kyoto and Nara via the JR Tozai Line ( JR Nara Line ) .
For example , when the train schedule was revised in the early morning of New Year 's Eve , it was decided that the train would depart from and arrive at and depart from Kyoto Station , and that the train would depart from and arrive at and depart from Platform 4 and depart from Platform 3 .
Local trains stop at every station on the Katamachi Line .
On the other hand , the trains that arrive at and depart from Platform 3 from and depart from Platform 3 during the New Year holidays were operated between Kyoto and Osaka .
The trains that arrive at and depart from this station started making stops at this station in 1997 .
In the following year , 1999 , when the train schedule was revised , the train was operated as a local train bound for JR Nanba , and the train was operated as a local train bound for JR Nanba .
On the other hand , the trains of JR West use Platform 1 .
Nara Kotsu Bus Lines Co . , Ltd . , operates two round-trip services a day from the east exit of the station to the east exit of the station on the Nara Line , and from the west exit of the station to the east exit of the station .
It is Nara Train Depot .
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 207
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 207 and JNR / JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 113 are also used .
Local trains run on the same platform as those of ' Rapid Service , ' but they run on the same track as those of ' Regional Rapid Service , ' and they run on the same track as those of ' Regional Rapid Service . '
This platform is used only for rapid trains and local trains .
Train Series 113
JR ( West ) Suburban Train Series 113 is used for local trains and local trains , but it is also used for rapid trains that stop at every station between Osaka and Kyotanabe .
The cars of this type were transferred from the Osaka Loop Line to the Hanwa Line .
At the same time , the Nara Line of the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) started its operation between Kyoto Station and Kizu Station .
In the same year , the former Tokaido Main Line ( Main Line ) and the former Tokaido Main Line ( Main Line ) started operating between Kyoto and Osaka , and the latter half of the same year , the latter half of which ran between Kyoto and Osaka , and the latter half of which ran between Kyoto and Osaka , was changed to the former half of the former half of the former half of the former Tokaido Main Line .
At the same time , the Nara Electric Railway ( currently the Kintetsu Kyoto Line ) started the construction of a new station on the east side of the station .
November 12 , 1897 : The station opened as a facility of the Tokaido Main Line ( the present-day JR Kyoto Line ) .
Inari Station commenced operation .
November 12 , 1897 : The station was inaugurated when the section between Kyoto and Nara was opened to traffic .
Fushimi Station opened .
Keihan Kyoto Main Line
November 1 : The line between Iwakura Station and Mukomachi Station opened .
Station 's station opened .
November 1 , 1896 : The operation of the line between Shin-Kizu Station and Shin-Kizu Station was extended and opened .
JR Tozai Line : Rokujizo Station - Rokujizo Station - Uji Station
November 1 : The line between Kusatsu and Kizu ( between Kizu and Kizu ) was opened to traffic .
Shiki Station - Kizu Station - Kizu Station
November 1 : The line between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station was opened to traffic by extending the line .
April 12 : The station opened .
November 1 , 1897 : The station was renamed as Inari Station of the Nara Electric Railway .
April 1 , 1918 : The station opened .
October 1 : The unit of business distance was shortened from miles to meters ( operation kilometers ) .
October 1 , 1898 : The station became a Nara Electric Railway station as a result of amalgamation .
October 1 , 1907 : The Kansai Railway Company was nationalized .
October 1 , 1897 : The station was inaugurated as a facility of Kyoto City Trams .
October 1 , 1895 : The station was inaugurated as a facility on the Nara Line of the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) .
November 1 , 1896 : The station opened when the section between Uji and Shin-Kizu was opened .
June 1 , 1897 : The station opened as a facility of the Kyoto - Sonobe section .
January 22 , 1898 : The station was abolished .
August 1 , 1918 : The station was abolished .
April 1 , 1896 : The station opened with the extension of the line between Tenmabashi Station and Shin-Kizu Station .
June 1 : The line between Kyoto Station and Shin-Kizu Station was opened ( the line between Nagoya Station and Shin-Kizu Station ) .
The operating distance ( operation distance ) of the line was extended to Maizuru Station .
The line between Inari Station and Fushimi Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) became a double line .
- The section between Otani Station and Nagao Station ( freight branch line ) opened .
April 1 , 1898 : The station was relocated to the south side of Kamo Station .
November 1 , 1902 : The station was opened with the opening of the operation of the second section of the line .
The line between Kamo Station and Shin-Kizu Station was abolished .
November 1 , 1898 : The entire line was extended and opened to traffic .
Fushimi Station was abolished .
April 1 , 1930 : The unit of operation distance was changed from miles to meters ( from miles to meters ) .
November 1 , 1957 : The station was upgraded to a station , and the station was upgraded to a station located on the west side of the station .
November 15 , 1928 : The station opened .
December 12 , 1928 : Hanazono Station commenced operation .
November 1 , 2003 : The station was inaugurated .
April 1 , 1949 : The station opened .
April 1 , 1984 : The train operation started .
October 1 , 1984 : The section between Kyoto Station and Matsue Station was electrified .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113
Tokaido Main Line ( Biwako Line ) and Sanyo Main Line ( Biwako Line )
April 1 , 1987 : The station became a facility of the West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) due to the division and privatization of JNR .
Japan Freight Railway Company ( JR West ) took over the railway business .
March 1 , 2000 : The JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 183 started operating .
April 15 , 2002 : The station opened .
It is a stop at Kyoto Station .
July 1 , 2000 : The JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113 was introduced .
( JR West ) Suburban Train Series 207 , Rapid Service
April 1 , 1997 : The station was inaugurated as a facility of the Tozai Line .
March 15 , 2000 : The station became a stop at which express trains stop .
April 1 , 2000 : The Uji Line and the JR Tozai Line started operating between Uji Station and Uji Station .
JR Ogura Station opened .
JNR / JR Suburban Train Series 113
March 15 : The rapid express trains began making stops at every station on the line .
March 15 , 2001 : The station became a stop for rapid trains that stopped at every station between Uji Station and Tofukuji Station .
Japan Freight Railway Company ( JR West ) started operations on the same day .
October 1 , 2000 : The section between Platform 2 and Platform 4 was extended to begin operating .
July 12 , 1977 : The construction of the new building was completed .
October 1 , 2000 : The Kyoto Municipal Transportation Bureau began operating .
It is said that the entire line between Shichijo Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) and Shichijo Station is a double double track , but this is not included in the list because of the short distance between the two stations .
Keihan Electric Railway Co . , Ltd . , operates two different lines , one on the east and west sides of the station , and the other on the south side of the station is on the east side of the station .
In addition , the section between Kyoto Station and Sonobe Station was opened to traffic , and the entire section of the line was opened to traffic .
Keihan Electric Railway Co . , Ltd . , operates a special express bus that starts from and ends at this station and ends at this station .
The station building of the Osaka Municipal Subway Tozai Line was moved to the south side of the station .
For details , refer to the article on the Nara Line of West Japan Railway Company .
According to the Kyoto Prefecture Statistics Report
Omiya Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) - Rokujizo Station - Nikenchaya Station - ( operation distance ) : 95 km / h
According to the Kyoto Prefecture Statistics Report
Kamo Station ( Kyoto Prefecture ) : 95 km / h
Keiji Bypass is a community bus stop located in Ayabe City , Kyoto Prefecture , and is operated by West Nippon Railway Company ( JR West ) .
Keinawa Expressway is designated as a national highway .
The section of National Route 24 , which is under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism , is under construction .
From the south exit of the station , the Meishin Expressway , the Meishin Expressway , and the Meishin Expressway run through Osaka City from north to south .
Meishin Expressway ( National Route 9 ) : Kyoto Minami Interchange - Meishin Expressway - Meishin Expressway - Meishin Expressway - Meishin Expressway - National Route 1 - Meishin Expressway - Meishin Expressway - Meishin Expressway - Meishin Expressway - Meishin Expressway
The construction of the Tokaido Main Line and the Kyoto Outer Loop Expressway were completed , and as a result , the construction of the National Route No. 24 Kyoto Outer Loop Expressway and the National Route No. 9 Kyoto Outer Loop Expressway were completed .
The section between the east and west of the Kamo-gawa River ( Yodo-gawa River system ) was designated as National Highway Route No. 24 .
The section between the Oyamazaki Interchange and the Oyamazaki Interchange is under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism .
In addition to the above , there is also a route bus service and a route bus service ( free of charge ) , which is available between the two stations .
Please refer to the section on ' Keiji Bypass ' for details .
Otsu City , Shiga Prefecture
Oyamazaki-cho , Otokuni-gun , Kyoto Prefecture
Height above sea level : 16 km
Road width : 2 lanes
Design speed : 95 km / h
June 31 , 2000 : The construction of the steam locomotive was completed .
Shiga Prefecture
Kyoto Prefecture
Oyamazaki-cho , Otokuni-gun , Kyoto Prefecture : Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City
Meishin Expressway No. 8 Interchange - Meishin Expressway
Oyamazaki IC - Oyamazaki IC : Meishin Expressway
Oyamazaki Interchange - Oyamazaki Interchange - Oyamazaki Interchange - Meishin Expressway
Keinawa Expressway runs under the bridge .
The facilities of the facility are not open to the public .
Roads are operated by local municipalities unless otherwise specified .
West Japan Railway Company ( JR West ) : Kusatsu Line
( The section between the east exit of the station and the west exit of the station and between the east exit of the station and the west exit of the station )
October 12 , 2000 : The entire line was extended to the east of the Kizu Interchange .
November 1 , 2000 : The entire line was opened .
After the establishment of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism , the construction of Shinkansen was started .
November 1 , 1898 : The entire line between Oyamazaki Station and Oyamazaki Station opened .
October 1 , 2005 : The station opened .
Fiscal year 2005 Average Traffic Volume ( Road Traffic Volume )
Oyamazaki Interchange - Oyamazaki Interchange
The section between the east side of the station and the west side of the station is under construction , and the section between the east side of the station and the west side is under construction .
In the spring of 2008 , the head office of the company was located in the vicinity of the station , and the head office of the company was placed in the water .
The section between the east side of the station and the west side of the station is under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism , and the section between the two stations is under the control of the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism .
In addition , there are some areas where people can get on and off the bus at the same time ( for example , the section between Kyoto Station and Himeji Station ) and get on and off the bus at the same time ( for example , the section between Yamashina Station and Himeji Station ) .
However , the construction of the Tokaido Main Line was delayed due to the fact that the track of the Tokaido Main Line was cut off and the track of the Tokaido Main Line was cut off .
The route to the south of the station is a regular route , and the route to the south of the station is a regular route .
On the other hand , there are some areas where people can get on and off the train when they get on and off the train and get off the train at the same time .
National Route 1 runs through the town .
Meishin Expressway and Meishin Expressway run in parallel with each other in Uji City .
The section between the Kamo Interchange and the Kamo Interchange opened .
Accordingly , the section between the east side of the station and the west side of the station is open to traffic .
The section between the two stations is so narrow that it is difficult for people to get on and off the road .
Uji City - Joyo City - Joyo City - Joyo City - Joyo City
Kumiyama Town Office ( Kyoto Prefecture )
East is upper , and west is lower .
The left is on the left and right side is on the right .
Fiscal year 2005 Average Traffic Volume ( Road Traffic Volume )
9 chome , Seika-cho , Soraku-gun
Kumiyama Town Hall - Yawata City Hall
Kizu Regional Development Bureau ( Kinki Regional Transport Bureau )
Kyoto Prefecture Road No. 8 Kyoto Road No. 8 Kyoto Road ( Kyoto Prefectural Road No. 22 Road )
Kyoto Prefecture Road Public Corporation ( tentative name : Ministry of Land , Infrastructure , Transport and Tourism )
Kosho-ji Temple , located in Maizuru City , Kyoto Prefecture , is a temple of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) .
The Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , which is one of the branch temples of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) , is called Shinshu sect Otani school , and the Shinshu sect Otani school is called Shinshu sect Otani school , which is one of the branch temples of Shinshu sect Otani school .
In 1941 , the formal name of the temple was changed to Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) and the formal name was changed to ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple . '
The name of the street comes from the fact that the street name of ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple ' and ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple ' are often used .
( Refer to the article on the history of Hongan-ji Temple for details . )
In 1596 , after the death of Hideyoshi TOYOTOMI , it was decided that the head priest of Nishi Hongan-ji Temple would serve as the head priest of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) and Higashi Hongan-ji Temple .
The name of the street comes from the fact that the street in the east of Higashiyama Ward ( Kyoto City ) in the east of Higashiyama Ward ( Kyoto City ) was designated as a national highway .
In 1941 , it was divided into two groups : one group and the other group , and the other group was divided into two groups .
At the same time , the Jodo Shinshu sect ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) was founded at the foot of Mt . Funaoka , and the name of the temple was changed to ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple ' and the name of the temple was changed to ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple ' and the name of the temple was changed to ' Nishi Hongan-ji Temple . '
In the case of Jodo Shinshu , the name of the school is sometimes changed to Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) and the name of the school is derived from this .
See the details of the uprising .
In the early-modern times , the temple had a large number of buildings including the main hall of the temple , including the main hall of the temple , but it was destroyed by fire during the Great Fire of the Tenmei Era and the Great Fire of the Tenmei Era .
The principal image is Amida Nyorai ( Amitabha Tathagata ) , which was burned down during the Great Fire of the Tenmei era .
The Sanmon gate is one of the three gates in Japan .
His name is included in the " Complete Collection of Buddhist Scriptures of the Pure Land Sect " ( published by Iwanami Shoten ) .
The area around the station is designated as a World Heritage Site .
He was the present chief priest of Otani University .
National Treasure
Important Cultural Properties
Take the Kyoto City Subway Tozai Line to Kyoto Station .
University
Otani University
Kyoto Koka Women 's University
Osaka Otani University
Junior high school
Osaka University of Art
Osaka Music School
Osaka Women 's University
Myoren-ji Temple ( Maizuru City )
Kyoto Prefectural First Higher Normal School ( old education system ) was established .
It is abbreviated as ' ki . '
He was the first president of Doshisha University .
In 1871 , he became a professor of Osaka Prefectural University .
The rolling stock used for the operation was changed to Express .
1870 : The School of Science was renamed as the School of Medicine .
The second temporary teacher training school , Tokyo Imperial University ( closed in 1886 )
In 1886 : First temporary teacher training school , temporary teacher training school , temporary teacher training school
In 1880 , he became a professor at Osaka Prefectural School of Foreign Languages .
In 1898 , he became a professor at Osaka Prefectural University .
In 1880 , he became a professor at Osaka Prefectural University .
In 1886 , he became an instructor at the Third Higher Middle School ( old education system ) .
In 1890 , he became a professor at the University of Tokyo , and then became a professor at the University of Tokyo .
Faculty of Medicine was renamed Faculty of Medicine .
In the same year , he became a professor of Kyoto Prefectural First Junior High School ( present-day Fushimi Ward , Kyoto City ) .
Faculty of Economics was established .
In 1891 , he became the principal of the Third Higher School .
Doshisha Junior High School ( under the old system ) was closed .
The Faculty of Engineering was established .
In 1890 , he was transferred to the Department of Political Science of Kyoto Imperial University ( current Faculty of Letters ) .
Faculty of Law ( Faculty of Law ) was established in the same year .
In 1898 , he became a professor at the Faculty of Medicine , University of Tokyo .
Faculty of Letters , Faculty of Letters , Kyoto Imperial University , was established in 1939 , and Faculty of Letters was established in the same year .
The following year , he became a regular course at the Third High School ( old system ) .
It was renamed as Faculty of Commerce in the same year .
Graduate School of Social Welfare and Graduate School of Social Welfare were established in 2001 .
2007 : The Faculty of Social Studies was established .
Faculty of Commerce was abolished .
2004 : Faculty of Social Studies and Faculty of Social Studies were established .
For details , refer to the article on the education system .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is a god ( Shinto ) who appears in Japanese Mythology .
Ame no Minakanushi no Kami was also known as ' Ame no Minakanushi no Kami ' in ancient times .
It is a shrine where the sun god is enshrined .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) appears in " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) .
It is also known as Ame no Minakanushi no Mikoto .
The " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) describes that ' Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) is the sun god and the sun god is the sun god . '
There is a theory that he was not a male god but a female god .
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , it was decided that the gods of heaven and earth should be the same as those of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , and that the gods of heaven and earth should be the same as those of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , and that the gods of heaven and earth should be the same as those of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
The Three Sacred Treasures of the Imperial Family , the Yata no Kagami ( the mirror ) , and the Yata no Kagami ( the mirror ) , are dedicated to the Imperial Family , while the Yata no Kagami ( mirror ) is dedicated to the Imperial Family .
Originally , it was written in kanji ( Chinese characters ) , but later it was written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , the god is considered to have been a member of the Imperial Family .
Descriptions in mythology
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , when he was about to die , he went back to his hometown and went back to his hometown , where he found out that there were two kinds of gods , Izanagi and Izanami .
He was born as the third son of Izanagi and Izanami , and he was also born as the third son of Izanagi .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) was ordered to go back to his country .
Izanagi went back to his hometown , Yamato Province , and when he was about to go back to his hometown , he said :
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , who was a daughter of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , went back to his hometown , Yamato Province , where he was ordered by her father , Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , to take up arms .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , who was born between the two gods , Izanagi and Izanami , is said to have given birth to a sword and a sword .
It is said that he was born between Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) and Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
Amenokoyane no Mikoto
Ame no Minakanushi no Kami
Mukomachi no Kami
Utagassen Shrine
Yamatohime no Mikoto
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) hid herself in the Ama no iwato ( Cave of Heaven ) of the Ama no iwato ( Cave of Heaven ) .
The life of a dead person and the life of a dead person .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , who was ordered by her father , Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) to go to the land of the dead , and then to the land of the dead , and then to the land of the dead .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) gave birth to a child named Isotakeru , who was sent to Ashihara no nakatsukuni .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) gave birth to a child , and when he went back to his hometown , he went back to his hometown in Ashihara no Nakatsukuni ( the Central Land of Reed Plains ) .
Commentary
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , the sun god and the moon god , are believed to have been the same god as those of other gods , and it is said that they were ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to go back to their original place by the order of Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) .
It is considered to be a part of the Shinto religion from ancient times .
She is also known as ' Hime ' and is enshrined in the hall of worship .
It is said that the gods of heaven and earth were born from the same family , but they were originally from the same family .
One of the reasons for this is that the Empress Jito , who lived in the early part of the seventh century , was the same as her mother , Empress Jito .
According to the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , it was decided that , on the other hand , in the early stage of the Heian period , people would be able to see the moon , moon , moon , and moon , and on the other hand , in the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) and the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) , which was the oldest of the Buddhist scriptures , and in the " Manyoshu " ( Collection of Ten Thousand Leaves ) , it was decided that the sun and moon would be placed on the top of the head and the bottom of the head of the head of the tree .
In addition to the above , there is a description in the " Engishiki " ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) that says that the gods of heaven and earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth and earth , the gods of earth , the gods of heaven and earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth and earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth , the gods of earth and earth , and the gods of water and earth , are also included in this category .
There are two theories about the origin of the word , one is that it was created during the reign of Emperor Sujin , and the other is that it was created during the reign of Emperor Suizei , and the other is that it was created during the reign of Emperor Suizei .
It is said that , in the past , there was a custom in which people in the eastern part of Japan and people in the eastern part of Japan were afraid of the change in the age of the gods , and therefore , it can be said that this was the beginning of the development of the theory .
The " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) also states that this is because of the fact that the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) .
The following is a summary of the incident .
645 : The Taika Reforms
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) was not enshrined in this shrine .
Ame no Murakumo no Tsurugi ' ( ' Ame no Murakumo no Tsurugi ' ) is used .
It is the only shrine where the god is enshrined .
In addition , the name of the place in which the shrine is located is ' Ama , ' ' Ama , ' ' Ama , ' and ' Ama , ' the name of the place in which the shrine is located , and ' Ama , ' the name of the place in which the shrine is located , in which the shrine is located , are written as ' Ame , ' ' Ama , ' and ' Ama , ' the name of the place in which the shrine is located .
The clan was descended from the same ancestor as the Mononobe clan , and the clan was descended from the same ancestor as Ame no Hoakari no Mikoto .
He was a younger paternal half-brother of Empress Jingu .
672 : The Jinshin War occurred .
The name of the god is ' Ame no Minakanushi no Kami ' ( one of the gods in Japanese mythology ) and ' Ame no Minakanushi no Kami ' ( one of the gods in Japanese mythology ) .
In addition , there is a theory that the name of the god of war was ' Ama no Minakanushi no Kami ' ( one of the gods in Japanese mythology ) and that the god of war was ' Ama no Minakanushi no Kami ' ( one of the gods in Japanese mythology ) .
The shrine was founded in 1895 .
Amaterasu Omikami ' ( the Sun Goddess ) is a Shinto deity .
She was a goddess .
She was the empress of the Emperor Yuryaku , and was also a symbol of the prosperity of the ancient times .
In addition , the honorific title ' Tenno ' ( Emperor ) was also used .
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) and the " Nihonshoki " ( Chronicles of Japan ) , it is said that the shrine was named after the posthumous Buddhist name of the Emperor , and that the shrine was named after the posthumous Buddhist name of the Emperor , and that the shrine was named after the place where the shrine was located , and that the shrine was named after the place where the shrine was located .
In 1872 , he became a Shinto priest of Jodo Shinshu ( the True Pure Land Sect of Buddhism ) and was enshrined at the Yasukuni-jinja Shrine .
Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) , the sun god , and the moon god , which are said to be the same god as those of other gods , were originally the same god as those of other gods , but later they were changed to ' Amaterasu Omikami ' ( the Sun Goddess ) and became the same god as ' Amaterasu Omikami ' ( the Sun Goddess ) , and they became the same god as ' Amaterasu Omikami ' ( the Sun Goddess ) , which was also known as ' Okami ' ( the Sun Goddess ) , ' Okami ' ( the Sun Goddess ) , ' Okami ' ( the Sun Goddess ) , ' Okami ' ( the Sun Goddess ) , and ' Okami ' ( the Sun Goddess ) .
It is said that the reason why the gods of heaven and earth were separated from each other was that ' the gods of heaven and earth , ' ' the gods of earth and earth , ' ' the God of earth , ' ' the God of earth , ' ' the God of earth , ' ' the God of earth , ' ' the God of earth , ' and ' the God of the land , ' which were closely connected by the power of the government .
When he was asked by his father , ' What do you think about the future ? ' and ' what do you think about the future of the country ? '
After the demise of Emperor Meiji , it was decided that the Imperial Throne should be returned to the original Emperor .
It is said that this was the beginning of the policy of the separation of Buddhism and Shintoism , and the fact that there were many cases in which the Imperial Court was forced to change its name from Shinto to Shinto .
Refer to State Shinto .
According to the " Kojiki " ( The Records of Ancient Matters ) , she gave birth to a child who had become a Buddhist nun .
In addition , it is said that the reason why the gods of heaven and earth were separated from each other was because of the fact that the gods of heaven and earth were not separated from each other but ' was because of the fact that the gods of earth were separated from each other . '
However , the contents of the book were not clear because of the fact that many of the participants were involved in the incident , and the contents were the same as those of the above .
In 1928 , he was designated as a national important cultural property by Nara Prefecture .
The world of the dead is the world of the gods .
In addition , it is said that ' Izanagi ' and ' Izanami ' were born in the form of a human being in the form of a human being in the form of a human being in the form of a human being in the form of a human being in the form of a human being .
Enshrined deities in the main shrine
The shrines that enshrine Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) are listed in the Engishiki ( an ancient book for codes and procedures on national rites and prayers ) , and the shrines that enshrine Amaterasu Omikami ( the Sun Goddess ) are also located in the same area .
One of the Three Sacred Treasures of the Imperial Family , located at the east side of the shrine .
The most important shrine in Japan is Ise-jingu Shrine , and the grand festival is held at the shrine .
" Tenka " was used in the name of the official rank system of the Edo bakufu .
He was also known as a man of high virtue .
( He was not a samurai . )
They were originally a group of people living in the area .
In addition , in the medieval period , the term ' Samurai ' referred to a person who was in charge of guarding the temples and shrines .
Shugo daimyo ( Japanese provincial military governors that became daimyo , which were Japanese feudal lords ) in the Sengoku Period ( Period of Warring States ) .
Sengoku daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) in the Sengoku period ( period of warring states ) ( Japan ) saw this as a symbol of their control over their own territories .
In the Edo period , the post was given to daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) as a reward for the achievement of the Battle of Sekigahara .
A hatamoto ( direct retainers of the bakufu , which is a form of Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) with a stipend of 200 koku ( approximately 180 liters of crop yield ) of rice was called daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) .
In addition , the term " sengoku daimyo " ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) was used to refer to those who were engaged in trade with Spain and Portugal .
The history of the domain in the Edo period is as follows .
For more information , refer to the article of the Sengoku daimyo ( Japanese territorial lord in the Sengoku period ) .
Daimyo in the Edo period
In the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , the following three families were promoted to the rank of daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) and to the rank of daimyo ( feudal lord ) , and to the rank of daimyo ( feudal lord ) .
Fudai daimyo ( a daimyo in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) and hatamoto ( direct retainers of the bakufu , which is a form of Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , such as the Battle of Sekigahara , the Battle of Sekigahara , the Battle of Sekigahara , the Battle of Sekigahara , and the Battle of Sekigahara , were granted the family name of Matsudaira and the family name of Matsudaira .
After the death of Shogun Hidetada TOKUGAWA , he was given the family name of Matsudaira from the Imperial Court and became a vassal of the Tokugawa family , and he was given the title of Matsudaira from the Imperial Court and became a vassal of the Tokugawa family , and he was given the title of Matsudaira from the Imperial Court and was also given the family name of Matsudaira from the Imperial Court , while he was given the title of Matsudaira from the Imperial Court and was given the title of Matsudaira from the Imperial Court .
In the same year , he was adopted by Ieyasu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Owari Domain , and became the second son of Ieyasu TOKUGAWA , the lord of the Echizen Domain .
In the same year , he became a member of the Gotairo ( Council of Five Elders ) of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and became a member of the Gotairo ( Council of Five Elders ) of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ; however , he became a member of the Gotairo ( Council of Five Elders ) of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) and became a member of the Gotairo ( Council of Five Elders ) of the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) after the Battle of Sekigahara .
In addition , in the case of the former lord of the domain , the Ii clan , the Uesugi clan , and the Mori clan , the lord of the domain , were punished by being deprived of their official ranks , and in the case of the latter half of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) , the Asano clan , the Mori clan , the lord of the domain , was punished by being deprived of their official ranks by being deprived of their official ranks by being deprived of their official ranks , privileges , privileges , and properties .
These were the military power of the clan .
At the time of the Battle of Sekigahara , the Ii clan was a branch family of the Tokugawa clan , and was also a tozama daimyo ( nonhereditary feudal lord ) .
In addition , there was an incident in which a vassal of the Tokugawa family committed seppuku ( suicide by disembowelment ) in order to avoid the conflict between the bakufu and the Imperial Court .
For example , in the case of the Mori clan , the Mori clan , the lord of the Yonezawa Domain in Dewa Province , the Mori clan in Dewa Province , the Mori clan in Dewa Province , the Mori clan in Dewa Province , the Mori clan in Dewa Province , the Mori clan in Dewa Province , the Mori clan in Dewa Province , the Tachibana clan in Dewa Province , and the Tachibana clan in Dewa Province , were given important posts by the Imperial Court and the Imperial Court , and they were given important posts by the Imperial Court .
For example , in the case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the previous case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the previous case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the previous case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the former case of the Kaga domain of Kaga Domain , the Kaga Domain and the Kaga Domain of the Kaga Domain , the Kaga Domain and the Kaga Domain of the Kaga Domain , the Kaga Domain and the Kaga Domain of the Kaga Domain , they were allowed to pay the nengu ( land tax ) .
For details , please refer to the article on " The Family Tree of the Tokugawa Family . "
Daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) in the Sengoku period ( period of warring states ) , who had more than 10,000 koku ( crop yields ) in total , had more than 10,000 koku ( crop yields ) of rice crop and had more than 10,000 koku ( crop yield ) .
In addition , there were cases in which a village was divided into two or more units .
His territory was 10,000 koku , and his family was a branch family of the Ogasawara clan in Shimotsuke Province .
It is said that he was a descendant of the Ashikaga clan .
In the same year , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) and daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) to build a new system .
In addition , in the early Edo period , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) to take care of the price of rice for the sake of the war .
It is also known as Buke Shohatto ( Laws for the Military Houses ) .
He was a member of the House of Peers .
He was a daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) who lived in castle town .
In addition , there is a tea room in front of the gate of the Edo-jo Castle .
He was a vassal of the shogun family .
They were ordered by the Tokugawa shogunate to take care of the castle town and castle town .
In some cases , it is used as a base for a group of people .
The Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered daimyo ( Japanese feudal lords ) to construct a new castle in the western part of Japan .
He was a feudal retainer of the domain .
In addition , he was ordered by the bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) to make a living by collecting money from wealthy merchants and merchants .
Daimyo ( Japanese feudal lord ) in charge of guarding the Imperial Palace .
Fushin fushin :
He held a tea ceremony party .
In addition , the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) ordered the production of Asano Takumi no Kami ( Director of the Bureau of Skilled Artisans ) .
It is served as a dish with the head and tail on it .
It is also said that there is a custom of eating this dish .
It is made from fish meat and meat .
In addition , he was given a license to carry a sword .
It is a very popular dish .
In addition , there is a description of a person who was in charge of making tofu ( bean curd ) and tofu ( bean curd ) , and it is said that he was good at making tofu ( bean curd ) .
It is made of plain wood .
During the Edo period , the word ' manga ' was used to refer to the works written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) or kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) as well as the works written in kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) or kana ( the Japanese syllabary ) .
It was not until the Edo period that the word ' Kosode ' came to be used as a general noun .
In the past , there was a custom of using the kanji ( Chinese characters ) as a phonetic equivalent , but in recent years , the usage of kanji ( Chinese characters ) and kana ( Japanese syllabary characters ) began to appear in the documents of the Edo bakufu ( Japanese feudal government headed by a shogun ) .
From the beginning of the Edo period , the word ' Kosode ' came to be used in the broad sense .
Shugo daimyo ( shugo , which were Japanese provincial military governors , that became daimyo , which were Japanese feudal lords )
Fudai daimyo ( a daimyo in hereditary vassal to the Tokugawa family ) and tozama daimyo ( nonhereditary feudal lord )
Domains
Daimyo ( feudal lord )
